Astatine was first produced by bombarding bismuth-209 with energetic alpha particles, and this is still the major route used to create the relatively long-lived isotopes astatine-209 through astatine-211.
The hatched young, called squabs, are strongly altricial, being helpless at hatching and covered with down.
In spite of early successes against invading Italian forces, by April 1941 the country was at risk of invasion from the Germans; in a later poem Manning recalled the "horror and terror of defeat" of a people she had grown to love.
The Trojans trailed 10–3 going into halftime, but tied the game in the third quarter on a Sanchez to Patrick Turner touchdown pass.
These bats possess long muzzles and long, extensible tongues covered in fine bristles that aid them in feeding on particular flowers and plants.
It was edited by Phil Brown, editor of the "Adirondack Explorer" news magazine.
Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834.
It has some remaining phosphate resources which, , are not economically viable for extraction.
Vincent teams up with Viki Chatsworth to kill the main characters at the rehearsal dinner for a mass marriage of four of the show's couples.
Kennedy died in 1921; he had never recovered from the 1919 flu.
Hilda Rix and her sister Elsie both played musical instruments as children, and would perform songs or dances at regional shows.
Both of these points suggest that the print depicts either an imaginary scene or an unrecorded event from 1821.
Chief among these was gaining unrestricted access to the Pacific Ocean.
However, a few species are visible to the unaided eye—for example, "Thiomargarita namibiensis" is up to half a millimetre long and "Epulopiscium fishelsoni" reaches 0.7 mm.
The success of the single convinced Warner to contract Richardson to produce "Love It to Death"—one of the first times an American producer assigned a Canadian to produce an album.
The official cause of death, meanwhile, was lobar pneumonia, with edema of the brain.
Since young Stengel was underage, his father had to agree, which he did.
Trains service the stadium through Seattle's King Street Station and overflow tracks accommodate extra trains during events.
When Jocelin died, he was back at Melrose Abbey, where his career had begun.
Pu was used as fissile material in the first atomic bomb detonated in the "Trinity test" on 15 July 1945 in New Mexico.
"Buried Secrets" revisits the first season storylines of sexual tension between Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim) and Michael Dawson (Harold Perrineau) and the mutual detestation between Sun's husband Jin (Daniel Dae Kim) and Michael.
"Bastion" was the first video game that Korb had scored; prior to it he had worked on a few smaller television shows and movies.
Jackson flirts with a young woman portrayed by his real-life sister La Toya.
There are three special cap power-ups that appear in certain areas on many stages.
The ship is now a popular dive site in Scapa Flow, lying at a depth of on a sandy floor to the east of Cava.
On 6 October 2005, Martin Campbell confirmed "Casino Royale" would film in the Bahamas and "maybe Italy".
Mark Satin has been a controversial public figure since the age of 20.
In the meantime, Joseph Knight published "On the cultivation of the plants belonging to the natural order of Proteeae", which appeared to draw heavily on Brown's unpublished material, without permission, and in most cases without attribution.
The labor tax took the form of conscripted labor for one month per year, which was imposed upon male commoners aged fifteen to fifty-six.
Observations of a stellar occultation by Eris in 2010, showed that its diameter was , very slightly less than Pluto, which was measured by "New Horizons" as in July 2015.
Mississippi Governor William Allain sent 500 members of the National Guard to partner with 200 law enforcement officers along Mississippi's coast in minimizing crime, and nighttime curfews were established in several cities.
The peregrine falcon reaches faster speeds than any other animal on the planet when performing the stoop, which involves soaring to a great height and then diving steeply at speeds of over , hitting one wing of its prey so as not to harm itself on impact.
Today, the party survives only among overseas Vietnamese.
Abraham Gottlieb Deschler ministered to the Lutherans, and Jacob Rebas (or Repass) ministered to the Reformed congregation until the latter dissolved around 1813.
In March 1967, the 1st Battalion became the sole unit of the Gloucestershire Regiment when, as a result of a reorganisation of the TA, the 5th Battalion became A Company of the Wessex Volunteers in the Territorial Army Volunteer Reserve.
Although the army and fleet were ready by early August, adverse winds kept the ships in Normandy until late September.
This climate diminished curiosity about the existence of material from a possible Sibelius Eighth, until late in the 20th century, when critical interest in the composer revived.
Jones agrees but keeps Turner as a "good faith payment".
Physical evidence was incompatible with geologic evidence: the FBI's chief investigator, Himmelsbach, observed that free-floating bundles would have had to wash up on the bank "within a couple of years" of the hijacking; otherwise the rubber bands would have long since deteriorated, an observation confirmed experimentally by the Cooper Research Team (see #Subsequent FBI disclosures below).
Despite his recruitment efforts, in February 1778, North Carolina's regiments were consolidated because of a lack of available soldiers, and Sumner's 3rd Regiment absorbed the 5th North Carolina Regiment.
Many aspects of the systematics of the "O. couesi" section remain unclear and it is likely that the current classification underestimates the true diversity of the group.
He kept extensive notes on opposing players and teams throughout his career.
A single black eyelash was placed within the letter to check if the Germans or Spanish had opened it.
The local football club, Weymouth F.C. or 'the Terras', are outside the Football League but, in common with some other non-league clubs, they became professional in 2005.
He paid King John 2000 marks (£1333) for the lordship of the Peak, but the Crown retained possession of Peveril and Bolsover Castles.
In the 20th century, the Philadelphia Experiment opened a gateway into another dimension, first freeing the aliens Horse refers to as "the Legion", and an independent government group spent the subsequent decades in contact with the aliens following the Roswell UFO incident.
Instead, he worked so hard for Ronald Reagan's 1976 Republican primary campaign that his base commander reprimanded him for being too politically active for his naval position.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth stated that the Willkie campaign came "from the grass roots of ten thousand country clubs".
He returned to the area in 1862, not having taken a holiday for over fifteen years.
(Mrs Blackburne had originally intended to travel on the inaugural journey with her husband, but the previous day had felt a presentiment that something was wrong at home and her presence was required, and had returned alone by boat.
The typhoon made landfall in southern Japan on October 19, and became an extratropical cyclone shortly thereafter.
The New Mexico bluffs contained millions of years of formation and subsequent deformation, and were in an area which had not been visited by Leidy or Marsh.
Notable artistic depictions include the poems "Bornomala, Amar Dukhini Bornomala" and "February 1969" by Shamsur Rahman, the film "Jibon Theke Neya" by Zahir Raihan, the stage play "Kobor" by Munier Chowdhury and the novels "Ekushey February" by Raihan and "Artonaad" by Shawkat Osman.
Instead of attempting to break out of the encirclement, German leader Adolf Hitler decided to keep Axis forces in Stalingrad and resupply them by air.
From 1996 to 1999, the church was restored with the help of sponsors EnergoPol, a Polish company, and Renovabis, a German association for Roman Catholic churches.
Navarro felt as though he was an outsider to the other members.
The barbules on these feathers, friction barbules, are specialized with large lobular barbicels that help grip and prevent slippage of overlying feathers and are present in most of the flying birds.
Later in the year, Maximian led a surprise invasion of the Agri Decumates – a region between the upper Rhine and upper Danube deep within Alamanni territory – while Diocletian invaded Germany via Raetia.
This would inflate the money supply, and, adherents argued, increase the nation's prosperity.
She and her husband were in an accident on a joint flight in 1807 (her 11th ascent, possibly his 61st), in which they crashed and he sustained a head injury.
U.S. Sugar benefited significantly from the U.S. embargo on Cuban goods beginning in the early 1960s.
Literature scholar Mimi Reisel Gladstein described the play as "significant for dramatic ingenuity and thematic content".
In response, Mendizabal formed his troops into two huge divisional squares supported by artillery which, although initially successful in impeding the French cavalry, eventually became an easy target for the French infantry and artillery.
The intervention of the Rothschilds bore the quickest fruit in Austria.
Nevertheless, in several episodes, events in Homer's life have been linked to specific time periods.
Mongolian horses are believed to have been originally imported from Russia by Swedish traders; this imported Mongol stock subsequently contributed to the Fjord, Exmoor, Scottish Highland, Shetland and Connemara breeds, all of which have been found to be genetically linked to the Icelandic horse.
The capitals on the arms of the throne show Cain beating Abel to death with a club to Mary's left, and Samson opening the lion's jaws to her left.
Arnie Roblan, a state representative from Coos Bay, called the wreck a potential tourist attraction.
The eldest swimmer in the quartet at the age of 23, Tonelli convened the team as its "de facto" leader.
Urinary tract conditions were also treated with an oil-based emulsion of premature saffron flowers mixed with roasted beans; this was used topically on men.
A mathematical look at the voting numbers reveals that Bush would have had to win 12.55% of Perot's 18.91% of the vote, 66.36% of Perot's support base, to earn a majority of the vote, and would have needed to win nearly every state Clinton won by less than five percentage points.
The agents in charge of the operation were expected to balance these interests: however, as the organization behind the operation, the CIA had veto power over any public use.
Following the Jenkins Commission, Gaston Thorn's Commission oversaw the Community's enlargement to the south, in addition to beginning work on the Single European Act.
She feared violence if she outright denied their offer of marriage so she announced she would make her decision on which to marry once she finished her father-in-law's shroud.
Amid a push by Senate Democrats in July 2013 to eliminate the filibuster for all executive-branch nominees, senators struck a deal to pave the way for a final, up-or-down vote on Cordray's nomination.
Ring was rested for the next match against Yorkshire, on a damp pitch that suited slower bowling.
In September he relinquished his duties at Hurdcott and embarked to return to Australia.
The score and extra point gave Maryland a two-touchdown lead, 42–28.
While passing south of the island, Haishen produced gale-force winds.
Because the Petitioners agreed that "their religious exercise is not infringed where they 'need to do nothing more than contract for a plan that does not include coverage for some or all forms of contraception'", the Court held that the parties should be given an opportunity to clarify and refine how this approach would work in practice and to "resolve any outstanding issues".
While most Germans wanted a neutral and reunited Germany, the Eisenhower administration sought to reduce its defense spending by rearming Germany and replacing American troops with Germans.
One other bowler to cause Jardine problems was the Australian paceman Tim Wall, who took his wicket five times on the nine occasions he bowled to him.
While the natural abundance of uranium has been supplemented by the decay of extinct Pu (half-life 0.375 million years) and Cm (half-life 16 million years), producing U and U respectively, this occurred to an almost negligible extent due to the shorter half-lives of these parents and their lower production than U and Pu, the parents of thorium: the Cm:U ratio at the formation of the Solar System was .
The report suggested that a county should be set up to recognise the "Manchester known in commerce", and referred to the areas that formed "a substantial part of South Lancashire and part of Cheshire, comprising all municipal boroughs and minor authorities within a radius of eight or nine miles of Manchester".
In Manistee, the Manistee River is spanned by a double-leaf bascule bridge built in 1933.
By the late 3rd century, Roman fortunes on the eastern frontier improved dramatically.
Members of the Party elite and cultural ambassadors were frequently given permission to travel, as were essential transport workers.
After this, the two were determined to achieve another hit.
This was one of the League's final acts before it practically ceased functioning due to the Second World War.
Subsequently, the school adopted these as its official colors.
"Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..." remained the top-grossing Indian production of all time in the overseas market for the next five years.
Two years later, Achebe again left Nigeria, this time as part of a Fellowship for Creative Artists awarded by UNESCO.
During the 2011 NBA lockout, "The New York Times" wrote that Jordan led a group of 10 to 14 hardline owners who wanted to cap the players' share of basketball-related income at 50 percent and as low as 47.
Combat uses a card-based battle system executed in real time.
A relationship such as that between Minnie and Weir was illegal, and the pair were jailed; Weir died shortly after his release.
The C-17s were acquired through the United States Government's Foreign Military Sales program, meaning that they were first delivered to the USAF and then transferred to the RAAF.
Geoffrey Boycott later stated that depression amongst cricketers is rarely documented, but with the current congested ICC schedule, player "burnout" and similar illnesses were becoming more commonplace.
Nevertheless, in these late times, the widespread temple rituals involving the ceremonial annihilation of Set were often connected with the myth.
Ses cheveux ressemblaient à une crinière, son nez était court, écrasé, large et fendu au bout comme celui d'un lion, il avait le front partagé comme celui d'un lion par un sillon puissant, divisé en deux lobes vigoureux."
Jackson thought that Supreme Court justices should be made to stand for election, and believed in strict constructionism as the best way to insure democratic rule.
Tropical areas tend to have more species than temperate ones.
Furthermore, Mark Jenkins of "The Washington Post" said "the polite term for albums like 'Milk' is 'eclectic', but it really sounds as if the band is unraveling [...] Considering the circumstances, it's not especially surprising that the album seems to be looking for someone to give it directions."
The Viking prologue is included as an extra feature on the .
His forces seemed on the verge of defeat in the Polish–Soviet War when, in the August 1920 Battle of Warsaw, they threw back the invading Soviet Russian forces.
Fires were common in the crowded wood-built city with its open fireplaces, candles, ovens, and stores of combustibles.
Partly because of the cost and partly because Cheshire was a palatine county in which the earl had authority over who was permitted to build castles, it is likely that the castle was built by one of the earls of Chester.
A short-lived experiment to merge infantry, cavalry and artillery into a combined arms force was cancelled after U.S. Congress removed funding.
In Yamaguchi Prefecture on western Honshu, Nabi damaged a portion of the historical Kintai Bridge, originally built in 1674.
Roughly 90% of ingested amphetamine is eliminated 3 days after the last oral dose.
Monroe returned to the public eye in the spring of 1962; she received a "World Film Favorite" Golden Globe Award and began to shoot a new film for 20th Century Fox, "Something's Got to Give", a re-make of "My Favorite Wife" (1940).
Historians have long debated Bismarck's role in the events leading up to the war.
Current observations suggest that a star like Betelgeuse may spend a portion of its lifetime as a red supergiant, but then cross back across the H-R diagram, pass once again through a brief yellow supergiant phase and then explode as a blue supergiant or Wolf-Rayet star.
The 80,000-man Army of Sambre and Meuse already held the west bank of the Rhine as far south as the Nahe and then southwest to Sankt Wendel.
The introductory sequence and the main characters were done by animator Mike Burgess, who worked for the Red Rover animation studio.
The collection features pieces from artists such as Tom Otterness and Glenna Goodacre.
The sky had been enlivened ... with a crowd of small white-cloud like forms suggesting the presence of a cohort of angels."
His first contact with the London avant-garde scene was through artist John Dunbar, who introduced McCartney to art dealer Robert Fraser.
He assumed the man’s car had broken down and was walking to get assistance.
These differences suggest that adults and juveniles were feeding differently.
Teegeeack was subsequently abandoned by the Galactic Confederacy and remains a pariah "prison planet" to this day, although it has suffered repeatedly from incursions by alien "Invader Forces" since that time.
On 1 November, Captain Ian MacIntyre relieved Graham as captain of the ship.
After serving in the Senate, Johnston resumed his legal practice.
It is the gem of the generation."
On 19 August 1941, Groves was summoned to a meeting with the head of the Construction Division, Brigadier General Brehon B. Somervell.
As he finished ahead of all the other leaders in the general classification, he became the overall new leader of race, and the first British rider to wear the leader's yellow jersey.
The member of the Scottish Government whose duty it is to steer Executive business through Parliament is the Minister for Parliamentary Business (currently Joe FitzPatrick).
However, the star's loss of mass could send the orbits of the surviving planets into chaos, causing some to collide, others to be ejected from the Solar System, and still others to be torn apart by tidal interactions.
He's not here and there are a lot of others in this locker room who really care about the game."
She was the highest-grossing actor of 2016, with a total of $1.2billion.
He was also intelligent and well read, and when agitated he had a tendency to stammer.
Misako enters the arena and, crazed, he instinctively shoots her dead, then falls from the ring.
The fluctuations did not occur simultaneously along all of the observed wavelengths, which Jeremy Goodman of Princeton University explained as being the result of the radio waves being bent by interstellar plasma in the Milky Way.
Cinema and cultural analysts have also explored its Cold War and animal rights themes.
Because Frances and Elsie insisted that the fairies would not show themselves if others were watching, Elsie's mother was persuaded to visit her sister's for tea, leaving the girls alone.
After violin and viola studies, and a decade as an orchestral player and occasional conductor, he began to receive regular conducting engagements in 1907.
Garland scored his first points as a Hokie on November 26, vs Oklahoma State, putting up 6 in spite of very limited playing time.
Attacks on a number of Roman cities were repulsed, and Persian forces were defeated at Dara.
Immediately preceding tic onset, most individuals with Tourette's are aware of an urge, similar to the need to sneeze or scratch an itch.
The school has been deemed a three-time California Distinguished School, a National School of Character, and a two-time National Blue Ribbon School.
In some widely publicized cases, the perceived enemies were being sentenced to death on trumped up charges — among them Witold Pilecki, the organizer of the Auschwitz resistance, and numerous leaders of Armia Krajowa and the Council of National Unity.
Encouraged by a UFA colleague, Billy Wilder, to come to Hollywood, Cartier changed his surname and moved to the United States.
His flouting of hospital rules and procedures frequently leads him into conflict with his boss, hospital administrator and Dean of Medicine Dr. Lisa Cuddy (Lisa Edelstein).
Pym and his allies immediately launched a bill of attainder, which simply declared Strafford guilty and pronounced the sentence of death.
In recognition of his performance, he was named a first-team All-Big East selection, signifying his status as the best player at his position in the conference.
He returned with ten prisoners, including captain John Auger, and three corpses.
His ravaged face and discomfort in some scenes "photographed as self-doubt", according to biographer Hector Arce, and contributed to the effectiveness of his performance.
Although having reached legal retirement age in 1927, and thus unable to be offered another five-year contract, Murray was reappointed on an annual basis each year until 1935.
According to Bart Ehrman, Jesus' promise that the Twelve would rule is historical, because the Twelve included Judas Iscariot.
Two animated tie-ins for "Final Fantasy XV" were announced at the Uncovered Final Fantasy XV fan and press event, forming part of a larger multimedia project dubbed the "Final Fantasy XV" Universe. '
Clark reveals himself to the world as Superman, bringing Kata-Zor's son, Ty-Zor, and three other Kryptonians to Earth.
He warned that he might have to withdraw at least two squadrons back to Australia.
Just as the sessions were due to begin in October, Berry decided, after months of contemplation and discussions with Downs and Mills, to tell the rest of the band that he was quitting.
The JNA did not intend to make Vukovar the main focus of the offensive, but as happened with Stalingrad in the Second World War, an initially inconsequential engagement became an essential political symbol for both sides.
Mycelia, visible at the base of the stipe, are yellowish white to light yellow.
Regulations mandated that Waddle conduct a three-minute, 360-degree periscope scan before executing the emergency main ballast blow maneuver.
His father and oldest brother Werner then tutored him at home in preparation for the entrance examination at the public secondary school at Landsberg.
Within days of the crash, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), as the provincial police for British Columbia, began an investigation.
He managed to return to the UK the next day aboard a casualty evacuation aircraft and had overall responsibility for force generation for the British Army's contribution to the subsequent wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
This was regarded by Kahin as the start of Khánh's ultimate political downfall, as the Americans were resolutely opposed to any coexistence with the communists and their relations with Khánh declined steadily from then onwards.
One hundred measures into the solo exposition, which is now in the relative major of E, the piano plays a cadential trill, leading the orchestra from the dominant seventh to the tonic.
Kowoj and Itza leaders in these mission towns rebelled against their Spanish overlords in 1704 and almost retook Nojpetén, but although well-planned, the rebellion was quickly crushed.
Neferefre was also likely mentioned in the "Aegyptiaca", a history of Egypt written in the 3rd century BC during the reign of Ptolemy II (283–246 BC) by the Egyptian priest Manetho.
Robey's biographer Peter Cotes disagreed with these assessments, praising the comedian's "droll like humour" and comparing it in greatness to Chaplin's miming and Grock's clowning.
The other batsmen had contributed 21 runs (one bye was scored) between them.
He reaches for what seems to be a parrot perched on her lap.
Although certain domestic and familial duties were expected of women in Song society, they nonetheless enjoyed a wide range of social and legal rights in an otherwise patriarchal society.
Baden-Powell made full use of his personal fame as the hero of the Siege of Mafeking.
Moreover, it could never be part of the definition of God that his modes contradict one another ("Ethics", part 3, prop. 5); each thing, therefore, "is opposed to everything which can take its existence away" ("Ethics", part 3, prop. 6, dem.)
At this point, the Dutchess County Fairgrounds are located just to the north of Route 308.
Of the primary schools, there are 162 regular, 14 special, 15 art, and 4 adult schools.
She becomes part of a group of American expatriates whom she calls the "Revolutionist Returnees", people such as Mayfield and his wife Ana Livia, who share her struggles.
It is 7.2 by 4.2 arcminutes, meaning that its surface brightness, magnitude 13.6, is significantly lower than its integrated magnitude.
The film is based on the research notes of the Kalahari Meerkat Project and primarily uses wild meerkat "actors" to represent those in the story.
On August 17 a priest, Henryk Jankowski, performed a mass outside the shipyard's gate, at which 21 demands of the "MKS" were put forward.
In the following nine seasons, Ipswich finished lower than sixth place in the First Division only once, in the 1977–78 season.
In December 1932 the couple embarked on a round-the-world cruise.
He went into politics in the early 1960s through his involvement with farming trade bodies, and became a government minister responsible for propaganda.
A few weeks before the birth, Samuel persuaded his wife to contribute to "The Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine", a publication that the food writers Mary Aylett and Olive Ordish consider was "designed to make women content with their lot inside the home, not to interest them in the world outside".
The ship again ran aground on 6 July, though damage was minimal.
Conant lobbied for the European Defense Community, which would have established a pan-European military.
Rarely remaining in one place for long, during the 1950s and 1960s she lived in Joshua Tree, San Francisco, and Santa Fe.
He concluded that NASA management's estimate of the reliability of the space shuttle was unrealistic, and he was particularly angered that NASA used it to recruit Christa McAuliffe into the Teacher-in-Space program.
All Colombian cities were directed to promote prevention planning in order to mitigate the consequences of natural disasters, and evacuations due to volcanic hazards have been carried out.
The meteorological service in British Honduras stated there were 100 fatalities near Cape Gracias, though a later report indicated 35 people died in Nicaragua.
As well as direct literary criticism, Johnson emphasised the need to establish a text that accurately reflects what an author wrote.
The highly toxic and hostile environment meant that even the toughest microorganisms that break down wood had difficulty surviving.
On the back of the monument are another two sculptural groups: "Family" (12; ) (a mother standing between her two children) and "Scholars" (11; (a Baltic pagan priest, holding a crooked stick standing between figures of modern scientist and writer).
As a spy working for the government of the United States, Berg traveled to Yugoslavia to gather intelligence on resistance groups the U.S. government was considering supporting.
The Eurogamer review, however, considered it only "(mostly) engaging", and Keefer said that "although the story line is fluid and intriguing", for each mission "the overall theme is the same: Kill the enemy", while Ryan criticized the length for such a "meager single-player game".
However, since "21C" was the prefix already used by the Merchant Navy class, the suffix "1" was added; these locomotives carried numbers that started "21C1" followed by the individual two-digit identifier.
In addition, it was reviewed by C. E. Rasmussen for "".
The city did not have the money and appealed to 'civic-minded citizens' to donate the land on which the highway would be built.
Pure thorium is very ductile and, as normal for metals, can be cold-rolled, swaged, and drawn.
The third stage was a lengthy team time trial that stretched for between Lerici and Camaiore.
Three years later she received a letter from , the Prussian Minister for Science, Art, and Public Education, in which he conferred on her the title of "nicht beamteter ausserordentlicher Professor" (an untenured professor with limited internal administrative rights and functions).
About a month after its first appearance, the "Kat" crept up on the sleeping mouse and kissed it loudly.
However, since the lifespan of such stars is greater than the current age of the universe (13.8 billion years), no stars under about 0.85 are expected to have moved off the main sequence.
In Smith's version, the original crime was not discussed, and the focus was on the horse ride to Adelaide, and McLaren's account split the legend into two, one about a poisoning by Brown, and another in which Brown and an accomplice cornered Aboriginal people in the Papineau caves, smoked them out and shot them.
Distancing the film from what producer Preston Stutzman called the "candy-coated, brightly colored pastel world[s]" of other CG animated films, an attempt was made to bring an organic look to the film, and dirt was rubbed into the colors.
The type–token distinction can be illustrated by a simple example: the word "green" contains four types of letters (g, r, e, n) with two tokens (occurrences) of the letter "e" along with one each of the others.
The IGN and "GamePro" reviewers commended the sound effects as excellent and for helping to create the atmosphere of the game, while the IGN and GameSpot reviewers also praised the "ambient orchestral score".
Accompanying his 1869 description of "E. platyurus", Cope named another species of "Elasmosaurus", "E.orientalis", based on two dorsal vertebrae from New Jersey.
"E. imbricata" is easily distinguished from other sea turtles by its sharp, curving beak with prominent tomium, and the saw-like appearance of its shell margins.
After they battled on the top rope, Tanahashi missed a "High Fly Flow" but countered Okada's "Rainmaker".
At the same time, Takin's son Muhammad and the fiscal administrator Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Ali al-Madhara'i—the heir of a dynasty of bureaucrats that had handled the province's finances since the time of Ibn Tulun and amassed enormous wealth—undermined Ahmad ibn Kayghalagh and coveted his position.
That president was Harry Toulmin, a Unitarian minister from England.
In 1171, Saladin, nephew of one of Nur ad-Din's generals, was proclaimed Sultan of Egypt, uniting Egypt and Syria and completely surrounding the crusader kingdom.
Grand Coulee Dam supports four different power houses containing 33 hydroelectric generators.
Because Dorgon's supporters were still influential at court, Dorgon was given an imperial funeral and was posthumously elevated to imperial status as the "Righteous Emperor" ("yi huangdi" 義皇帝).
In late March 1997, the group isolated themselves and recorded farewell statements.
This single brigade constituted the entirety of the corps' armored troops involved in the first day's attack, as the 113th and 195th were placed in army reserve until their tanks arrived.
However, citing a 1913 law that barred out-of-state residents from getting married in Massachusetts if their union would be illegal in their home state, he said no marriage licenses were to be issued to those people not planning to move to Massachusetts.
In the advertisement printed at the beginning of the "Rights of Men", Wollstonecraft describes how and why she wrote it: So the pamphlet could be published as soon as she finished writing it, Wollstonecraft wrote frantically while her publisher Joseph Johnson printed the pages.
However, Johnson believed that the cumulative effect of the misdeeds "warranted omission from the team" and he saw no problem in the fact that his verbal advice to the board recommending Barnes' exclusion was at odds with the written report on the 1948 tour.
John Smith became chairman in 1973 with his business experience to build a more corporate view for the club.
His interviewer called Todd's early fashion sense "grunge, Salvation Army like 'rags'," and Howarth described Todd's later wardrobe as "all Ralph Lauren" and "[d]ouble R.L. 80 dollar pants and a 400-and-something-dollar jacket".
That night, in his last letter to his father, Ball wrote "I do get tired of always living to kill, and am really beginning to feel like a murderer.
He did not dislike his work, but felt he was "sleepwalking" because he was not doing what he loved, writing about visionary politics.
It was first published posthumously in 1638 under the pseudonym of Domingo Gonsales.
RAD arises from a failure to form normal attachments to primary caregivers in early childhood.
"House" was a co-production of Heel and Toe Films, Shore Z Productions, and Bad Hat Harry Productions in association with Universal Media Studios for Fox.
Rather than a bumpy horse ride, visitors could now catch the horse tram to the start of the gully, and walk, cycle or ride to the falls.
Duke athletics, particularly men's basketball, traditionally serves as a significant component of student life.
A few people withdrawing from benzodiazepines experience a severe withdrawal syndrome which may last a long time.
Game On Dude, described as "on fire" that day, won the race and broke the stakes record in doing so, Will Take Charge was second, but Mucho Macho Man started to lose energy at the three-eighths pole and finished fourth behind Blingo.
When comparing the game to its predecessor, reviewers praised "Power Tennis" for its incorporation of the "Mario" franchise in the different scenarios and courts.
By then, the Rhode Island Tercentenary Committee had been dissolved, having shown a profit of $24,000 on the 50,000 coins issued.
The uncut version has been called the "holy grail" for film archivists, amid repeated false claims of the discovery of the missing footage.
José Mourinho is the club's current manager, having been appointed on 27 May 2016.
They are probably also higher than solar values.
In the mandible (lower jaw), the mental foramen, an opening just before the first molar, opens sidewards, not upwards as in a few other oryzomyines.
He wrote that it was moving to see the two actors talk about their personal lives with such vulnerability—particularly when Nimoy discusses his experiences with alcoholism.
The mathematicians went to the nearest railroad station, exchanged money, bought tickets, and boarded the first train headed south.
Pendleton Ward hosted T-shirt designing contests on the websites of both We Love Fine and Threadless.
The British Olympic Association, in its bid for the 2012 Olympic Games in London, mentioned these games as "the first stirrings of Britain's Olympic beginnings".
His staff printed tens of thousands of pamphlets with slogans such as "Christ has gone south" and "the Virgin Mary has departed from the North", alleging anti-Catholic persecution under Ho Chi Minh.
This policy was contentious, since it involved the dissolution of the very states whose existence India had only recently guaranteed in the Instruments of Accession.
Mary of Bethany anoints Jesus' feet, foreshadowing his entombment.
On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan Railway, along with London's other underground railways aside from the small Waterloo & City Railway, was taken into public ownership as part of the newly formed London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB).
Dating the monuments remains difficult because of the movement of many from their original contexts prior to archaeological investigation.
The U.S. mistakenly believed that the islets were garrisoned by only 200 naval troops and construction workers.
Apparently she was infatuated with him strongly enough to appear at his door with a pair of suitcases, asking him to give her shelter, since "no gentleman would leave a woman alone on the street at night."
Forty-five percent of the species are predators while the remaining 55% are guano scavengers, detritivores and herbivores.
It was a series called "The Relations of Canada and the United States" overseen by James T. Shotwell, director of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
The blue whale ("Balaenoptera musculus") is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whale parvorder, Mysticeti.
At the age of fifteen on 6 July 1957, McCartney met John Lennon and his band, the Quarrymen, at the St Peter's Church Hall fête in Woolton.
However, even in this case, such solvated hydrogen cations are more realistically conceived as being organized into clusters that form species closer to H.
Their initial plans called for the ship to serve as a radar picket for night fighters, with three /L45 anti-aircraft guns in single mounts, Freya early-warning radar, Würzburg gun-laying radar and a FuMO 21 surface fire-control system.
On 12 December, the advancing Soviet 139th Rifle Division, supported by the 56th Rifle Division, was defeated by a much smaller Finnish force under Paavo Talvela in Tolvajärvi, the first Finnish victory of the war.
Infants' physiological responses have been measured during the Strange Situation procedure looking at individual differences in infant temperament and the extent to which attachment acts as a moderator.
An example is the Glenalmond Street project in Shettleston, which uses a combination of solar and geothermal energy to heat 16 houses.
What appears to be a fork in the rachis is in fact the junction between the rachis and a basal pinna.
The fourth episode features a scene where Mark jams his dressing gown in the door and is forced to hide naked in his new neighbour's flat.
It is not entirely clear how long the book remained continuously in print.
He praised the opening scene, and believed the scenes between Peter and his mother helped "ground the episode.
The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "Myst III" for its 2001 "Outstanding Achievement in Character or Story Design", "Computer Action/Adventure Game of the Year" and "Outstanding Achievement in Original Musical Composition" awards.
Effendi was left as the head of Bolero, which then became more politicised.
Further south in Peru, the Andes are at a higher altitude overall, and there are approximately 722 glaciers covering an area of .
But these French horsemen were amongst the best in Louis XIV’s army – the "Maison du Roi", supported by four elite squadrons of Bavarian Cuirassiers.
The reporters asked Eisenhower directly about the incident, and Eisenhower requested that the story be suppressed because the war effort could not afford to lose Patton.
Anglo-American cooperation did not long survive the war.
She wrote the screenplay over a period of six months beginning in 2008, when Lamp Pictures  – which produced the film with Karuna Pictures – requested that she write a story about nationalism; according to the director Teddy Soeriaatmadja, who was brought in while the screenplay was still on its first draft, he and Utami read seven drafts of the screenplay before they agreed on the story.
In the years following Mary Watts's death there were occasional proposals to add new names to complete the memorial, but the Watts Gallery was hostile to the plans, considering the monument in its unfinished state to be a symbol of the Watts's values and beliefs, and that its status as a historic record of its time is what makes it of value in the present day.
The song won many awards and received five Grammy nominations.
Before the match, Munster's four New Zealanders challenged their opponents by performing a haka before the All Blacks started theirs.
Mithridates the Great was the ruler of Pontus, a large kingdom in Asia Minor, from 120 to 63 BC.
Densely populated industrial and residential areas have recently been built in the northern part of the city, and the southern edge also has residential areas.
Two heated interfaces can then be pressed together, allowing the molecules to mix through intermolecular diffusion, joining them as one.
Operations consisted of a mixed array of company-scale urban "sweep-and-clear" operations, census and suppression patrols, and static, fortified area-denial positions.
The ciphers were usually based on the "Doppelkassettenverfahren" ("double Playfair") system, which the two cryptologists had already worked on in France.
Roche defended his race lead until stage thirteen, a climbing individual time trial to Monte Titano in San Marino, where he lost the pink jersey to his teammate and stage winner Visentini.
Women were expected to obey the will of their father, then their husband, and then their adult son in old age.
The NTSB dissenting opinion held that "Fitzgerald" sank suddenly and unexpectedly from shoaling.
The Lake Jean dam was repaired in 1956.
He died at the Battle of Queenston Heights before learning of his knighthood.
"Banksia cuneata" has been adopted as the floral emblem of the Shire of Quairading, and has been incorporated into the shire logo.
The African Children's Choir also took part in these events.
In December 1919, a coin dealer, Samuel W. Brown, placed advertisements in coin publications, offering to buy 1913 Liberty Head nickels.
Barr estimated that at least 14 Mexican soldiers were killed, with an additional 39 wounded, several of whom died later.
The book states that Alistair arranged for Vincent's death, but the hitman Jack placed the baby into social services without Alistair's knowledge.
High schools generally offer classes in singing, mostly choral, and instrumentation in the form of a large school band.
As people settled in the area, more shops were opened and new houses were built, many of which still stand.
He was also one of the leaders of the Independent Democratic Party of Yugoslavia and headed the movement's military wing, the Organisation of Yugoslav Nationalists, which terrorised those Serbs in Bosnia, Herzegovina and Croatia who refused to join the party.
"Koi... Mil Gaya" was the most popular Bollywood film of the year, earning , and Roshan won both Filmfare Awards for Best Actor and Best Actor (Critics).
Estimates of bread consumption from different regions are fairly similar: around of bread per person per day.
Similar evidence for the sharpening of tools has been found at West Kennet Long Barrow, as well as later prehistoric monuments such as Stonehenge.
NU and V Pavonis are pulsating semiregular variable red giant stars.
This was done partly by establishing a board of advisors, which gave the general advice on both political and military issues.
When the Saints lost Jeff Blake for the season in mid-November due to a dislocated foot, Tolliver was re-signed by the Saints, though he did not play a game that season.
At first Carlsson sought to work on a video for "No Surprises" and was uncertain as to how to approach "Paranoid Android".
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Polyozellus multiplex, first described in 1899, and commonly known as the blue chanterelle, the clustered blue chanterelle, or, in Alaska, the black chanterelle.
Leigh's family objected to the fictionalisation of her murder.
The Limpsfield-Oxted area was home to members of the socialist Fabian Society and a magnet for writers such as Edmund Gosse, Ford Madox Ford and Edward Garnett.
It is a medium-sized nuthatch, measuring about in length.
Józef Klemens Piłsudski (; 5 December 1867 – 12 May 1935) was a Polish statesman; he was Chief of State (1918–22), "First Marshal of Poland" (from 1920), and "de facto" leader (1926–35) of the Second Polish Republic as the Minister of Military Affairs.
It is still around 25 times more luminous than the Sun.
McHenry was an incumbent who had served as commissioner since 1945, while Osser was new to the office, having previously worked as a lawyer and as the leader of the 16th ward.
No new material was written during that time, and it was not until the beginning of 1998 that the band began rehearsal.
Many major studies showing improvement in kidney function in patients with hepatorenal syndrome have involved expansion of the volume of the plasma with albumin given intravenously.
The captured group had been identifying new sources of metal and timber for the Germans, but Ott had also been tasked by the Abwehr with making contact with the Partisans.
It is so easy to hurt so many people's feelings."
Cohen was rumored to be interested in selling both "Fantastic" and "Amazing"; among other possibilities, both Roger Elwood, at that time an active science fiction anthology editor, and Edward Ferman, the editor of "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction", approached Cohen with a view to acquiring the titles.
At this stage, the Yorkshire authorities thought that he might fully take on Kilner's bowling workload, or succeed Rhodes in the senior spinner's position.
was the first American wordless novel, and no such European work had yet been published in the US.
The other type is the square plan with simple projections and recesses but with a possibility of both "sekhari" and "bhumija" superstructures.
But it was about 12 o'clock, and I went in, because really it seemed it was time he got up.
The score gave the Jayhawks a 24–14 lead with just 10:57 remaining.
The two naturalists regarded the Australian raven as very similar in appearance to the carrion crow ("C. corone") of Europe, though they noted it was larger with a longer bill.
But Alexey was weakening, and on October 17 he died.
The magazine "Gramophone" notes over 30 recordings of the "Vespers" between 1976 and 2011, and 27 of "Il combattimento di Tancredo e Clorinda" between 1971 and 2013.
It was solicited to US contemporary hit radio on June 17, 2008, and was released as a CD single in the United Kingdom on July 22, 2008.
The oysters are ready for harvesting in 18 to 30 months depending on the size required.
Further training is required to develop the skills necessary for diving in a wider range of environments, with specialised equipment, and to become competent to perform a variety of underwater tasks.
Installed before the 2009 season, the grass surface was selected for its "high-quality pedigree that is ideal for Northern cities such as Pittsburgh".
Despite their obsolescence, two of the old 12.5-inch RMLs remained at the fort until as late as 1912.
Gibraltar received the title of "Most Loyal" from the Spanish crown in recognition of its faithfulness.
Cranmer's family had been exiled to the Continent in 1539.
Things get flushed and repurified or decomposed and it's this big, dark, mysterious place", Black later said, "It's also a very mythological place where there are octopus's gardens, the Bermuda Triangle, Atlantis, and mermaids."
The plot and characters are loosely based on Lee's observations of her family, her neighbors and an event that occurred near her hometown of Monroeville, Alabama, in 1936, when she was 10 years old.
Approximately 75% of the North Pacific population lives east of the International Date Line, but there is little information regarding the North Pacific distribution.
His continued belief in the instructional value of science fiction was not in keeping with the general attitude of the public towards pulp magazines, which was that they were "trash".
Both names are related to Ammar ibn Yasir, one of Muhammad's early companions.
The DoD, on 20 November in another letter signed by Miller again refused to produce the witnesses.
Going into the convention, Mason wanted to see a more powerful central government than under the Articles, but not one that would threaten local interests.
On January 3, 1706, the Hills accused Grace Sherwood of witchcraft.
In Tatai–Korchnoi, the Italian IM fell victim to Korchnoi's whirlwind , losing in just 14 moves.
Romeo sneaks into the Capulet barbecue to meet Juliet, and Juliet discovers Tybalt's death while in class at school.
The four sides are identical in appearance.
Over four years, more than 200 people were arrested in connection with the killings, of whom 41 were charged with a variety of offences.
Wollstonecraft juxtaposes the events of the novel with both Maria's own retelling of them and her innermost feelings.
Nevertheless, this was a happy time for Manning; "Romania is abroad," said Manning, "but Greece is home".
, the highest temperature ever recorded in Tiruchirappalli was , which occurred on 2 May 1896; the lowest was observed on 6 February 1884 at .
Coronal loops are arching magnetic field flux lines that rise from a star's surface into the star's outer atmosphere, its corona.
While Ishii was the designer for all four games, he served as the director and producer for "Dawn", which was considered the main game of the four and was released as "Seiken Densetsu 4" in Japan.
The unsettled conditions caused wealthy Chinese to sell family heirlooms, and prices were depressed, making it an opportune moment to collect.
Portrayed as willful and tomboyish due to her rough, thieving past, she helps Serge sneak into Viper Manor in order to obtain the Frozen Flame.
At the time I probably never appreciated the full extent of how them covering the song helped Pavement, especially in the UK, but it really did, and I'll always be grateful to them for that."
Christie was often absent after the founding of the "Analytical Review", leaving the day-to-day operations of the journal up to Johnson.
The breach required new security implementations for the engine, delaying both games; the release of "Bloodlines" was postponed until early 2005.
According to the director, he was inspired by particular scenes of Ray's "Nayak" (1966) to plan the portrayal of complex emotional issues between Vidya and the police officer Rana, especially Rana's awe in the presence of Vidya.
From the series' beginning, Kripke desired to feature an evil clown because he felt that "clowns in a context where they're not supposed to be are friggin' terrifying".
Incense seal clocks were used for similar occasions and events as the stick clock; while religious purposes were of primary importance, these clocks were also popular at social gatherings, and were used by Chinese scholars and intellectuals.
During the region's early history, its Khmer Loeu inhabitants were exploited as slaves by neighboring empires.
Created by Victor Miller, with contributions by Ron Kurz, Sean S. Cunningham, and Tom Savini, Jason was not originally intended to carry the series as the main antagonist.
The Chinese had long taken an interest in examining the human body.
In that year, Tiberius was also granted the powers of a tribune and proconsul, emissaries from foreign kings had to pay their respects to him, and by AD 13 was awarded with his second triumph and equal level of "imperium" with that of Augustus.
He then delivers a humiliating lesson in etiquette, telling the Captain that he must always say "if you please" after giving an order; for "A British sailor is any man's equal" – excepting Sir Joseph's.
They developed a close friendship, described by James's biographer Leon Edel as resembling a father and son relationship in some, but not all, respects.
This is due in part to city programs that help provide insurance to low-income individuals who do not qualify for other types of coverage.
A trackway in England shows what may be an "Iguanodon" moving on all fours, but the foot prints are poor, making a direct connection difficult.
Notably, in 1858 "The Raven" appeared in a British Poe anthology with illustrations by John Tenniel, the "Alice in Wonderland" illustrator ("The Poetical Works of Edgar Allan Poe: With Original Memoir", London: Sampson Low).
Like many films from the silent era, "The Carpet from Bagdad" was believed completely lost, but in 1982 an Oceaneering International diving expedition salvaged a number of artifacts from the wreck of the RMS "Lusitania", including one reel of film.
The site stretched from the centre of Handforth village, through Cheadle Hulme and onwards to Woodford.
Vytautas continued his fight for supremacy, and the conflicts between the descendants of Algirdas and Kęstutis lasted well into the 15th century.
They applied a lurid style, choosing to make people "sort of shiny".
Desertion was also a problem Henry labored to solve with limited success; many Virginians hand been induced to enlist with promises they would not be sent outside the state or local area, and left when orders came to march.
Impressed with Anderson's idea, Davis thought the story was like "Jaws" in that it "just drew you in, it drew you in".
One of the most important was John Hunter's "A Natural History of the Human Teeth, Part I" (1771), which "elevated dentistry to the level of surgery".
The bears were based on toy bears owned by Tolkien's sons.
In Mount Savage, the route narrows as it follows Main Street, and the road is frequently obstructed by parked cars, making it difficult for two cars to pass by each other.
The greatly increased pageantry of the state processions was intended to emphasise the strength and diversity of the British Empire.
Greg Garrett, an English professor at Baylor University, saw the song as an effort to "[respond] to growing interests in doing justice—and calling to attention American failures in that regard", noting that the regimes in South America had been supported by the United States because of their anti-communist positions, even though their tactics were in opposition to the democratic values that "America claims to champion around the world".
He spent six months in an apartment with a "weird, psycho roommate," who later served as a direct inspiration for the Pixies song "Crackity Jones;" many of the band's early songs refer to Thompson's experiences in Puerto Rico.
No man can observe you as I have observed you and not know that it was a matter of conscience with you, but I am afraid, my friend, that it is one of the blunders of virtue."
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. (born Leslie Lynch King Jr; July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977.
One scout was struck by a falling gateway and several others sustained minor cuts and bruises.
Partly in an effort to bolster Australian aspirations to form a distinct RAAF group within RAF Bomber Command, in August he was appointed commanding officer of No. 467 Squadron, based at RAF Bottesford, Leicestershire.
Maritime authors Bishop and Stonehouse wrote that the shoaling theory was later challenged on the basis of the higher quality of detail in Shannon's 1994 photography that "explicitly show[s] the devastation of the "Fitzgerald.""
Union hired new talent, including R Hu, Rd Ariffien, and Saeroen.
Trips for tourists take them along the coast to Sandsend.
Schleswig and Holstein were two territories fought over between Prussia and Denmark during the First and Second Schleswig Wars.
He would later tell stories of his woes as a left-handed would-be dentist using right-handed equipment.
They are yellowish, and contain granular contents.
He demanded that Mountbatten divide the army prior to independence, which would take at least a year.
Halliday repeated this tactic against Post 14, which was taken at 0400 with 64 prisoners.
American paleontologist Storrs Olson suggested in 1973 that it was related to the ""Rallus" assemblage", which included the genera "Rallus" and "Hypotaenidia" (now lumped with "Gallirallus"), based on the structure of the skeleton.
In 1842 he was part of a committee promoting congregational singing, and he gave an illustrated series of lectures on its history and merits.
A book tour and series of interviews and personal appearances were arranged for the launch.
He hoped to secure a deal whereby he would endorse Taft in exchange for support in the senatorial election to be held in January 1909.
Marine chronometers are clocks used at sea as time standards, to determine longitude by celestial navigation.
A new species of "Corynebacterium"—"C. ciconiae"—has been isolated from the trachea of healthy black storks, and is thought to be part of the natural flora of the species.
Persecution was not the only outlet of the Tetrarchy's moral fervor.
The removal of internal organs from at least three of the victims led to proposals that their killer had some anatomical or surgical knowledge.
Caroline advised George to retain Walpole, who continued to gain royal favour by securing a generous civil list (a fixed annual amount set by Parliament for the king's official expenditure) of £800,000.
After locating the boy's body and attempting to return to shore, Fisher was also bitten by the shark in front of the townspeople, losing Stilwell in the process.
Hunters threaten the black stork in some countries of southern Europe and Asia, such as Pakistan, and breeding populations may have been eliminated there.
The traditional pregame singing of the national anthem was performed by the Zion Harmonizers, a New Orleans gospel quartet.
Santiago agreed, and he and Mallari drove from their home in Florida to Los Angeles.
Outbreaks of crown-of-thorns starfish have caused damage to coral reefs in Northeast Australia and French Polynesia.
The American white ibis is still found in Peru.
, the lead ship, was laid down by Armstrong on 17 April 1907, while "São Paulo" followed thirteen days later at Vickers.
Psychologists and neuroscientists generally agree that the hippocampus plays an important role in the formation of new memories about experienced events (episodic or autobiographical memory).
PT boats were based at Milne Bay from December 1942, and a transhipment and staging area, overhaul facilities for PT boats, a destroyer base and Station Hospital were also constructed.
The Chalk River reactor was shut down for maintenance in August 2009, and reopened in August 2010.
Barnes sent down a total of eight overs for figures of 0/28 as Australia went on to complete an innings victory.
Wilson's team at Princeton was working on a device called an isotron, intended to electromagnetically separate uranium-235 from uranium-238.
At the same time, these dust particles can be destroyed through mutual collisions.
Lee Smith was born in Jamestown, Louisiana, and raised in the small town of Castor in Bienville Parish.
"Children of Mana" was developed by Nex Entertainment, who had previously created dungeon crawl games in the "Shining" series, in collaboration with Square Enix.
To serve as "cruiser-killers" capable of seeking out and destroying these post-Treaty heavy cruisers, the class was given large guns of a new and expensive design, limited armor protection against 12-inch shells, and machinery capable of speeds of about .
The poet Nicholas Wallington wrote that: A temporary wooden building was constructed each year, called Dover Castle, from which gunfire salutes were sounded during the competitions.
The old bronze penny was slated for elimination as decimal currency was planned in the 1960s.
There was a long history of painting candlelit scenes in Western art, although as Wright had not at this date travelled abroad, there remains uncertainty as to what paintings he might have seen in the original, as opposed to prints.
The Imperial Japanese Navy originally intended to use six submarines in the attack on Sydney Harbour: B1-type submarines , , , and , and C1-type submarines and .
His biographer David Dutton believes that Dunglass became interested in politics because of the widespread unemployment and poverty in the Scottish lowlands where his family lived.
Early in its duration Keith produced moderate to heavy rainfall in Honduras, Jamaica, and Cuba.
The second floor has four bedrooms, with closets on either side of a fireplace and simple wood skirting boards and door frames.
The song "Asleep" is actually an acoustic version of "Awake" from the band's second album "Awake".
Increasing shear again weakened Francesca, and on February 9 the cyclone deteriorated to a tropical storm.
Although it would serve a lightly populated area and consequently be of little economic benefit, the proposal's supporters argued that it would be of strategic importance, connecting military facilities in Aldershot and Portsmouth with military training grounds in north Hampshire.
The real purpose, however, was to establish the Claimant's identity as Sir Roger Tichborne and his rights to the family's estates; failure on his part would expose him as an impostor.
Inglis was elected as ICE president for the 1941–42 session, having been vice-president in 1938, and gave an inaugural address on the education of engineers that was judged to be one of the best ever given.
In the early Western Han, a wealthy salt or iron industrialist, whether a semi-autonomous king or wealthy merchant, could boast funds that rivaled the imperial treasury and amass a peasant workforce of over a thousand.
Author Bishop reported that Captain Paquette of "Wilfred Sykes" argued that through their support for the shoaling explanation, the LCA represented the shipping company's interests by advocating a theory that held LCA member companies, the American Bureau of Shipping, and the U.S. Coast Guard Service blameless.
The 'T' was first stolen in April 1969 by a secret group of Georgia Tech fraternity brothers calling themselves the "Magnificent Seven".
Due to the limited interface of the 3DS, as well as to take advantage of the touchscreen, "3D" has vastly unique controls when compared to other games in the "Metal Gear" series.
This consisted of two-storey steel-framed buildings faced with red glazed terracotta blocks, with wide semi-circular windows on the upper floor.
Bayard agreed with Cleveland and Gresham that the British were not attempting to reestablish their colony, but Nicaraguans (and many Anglophobic Americans) saw a more sinister motive, including a possible British-controlled canal through Nicaragua.
The wall was built as kelping (the production of soda ash from seaweed) on the shore became uneconomical.
An analysis of information from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health showed that the use of psychedelic drugs such as psilocybin is associated with significantly reduced odds of past month psychological distress, past year suicidal thinking, past year suicidal planning, and past year suicide attempt.
The style he adopted was "simple, well-framed images solid fields of bold color often bounded by thick, stark border lines."
Because they could read and write, and were thus able to maintain careful records, monastics were given the responsibility for horse breeding by certain members of the nobility, particularly in Spain.
Upon his return to Boonesborough, some of the men expressed doubts about Boone's loyalty, since after surrendering the salt-making party, he had apparently lived quite happily among the Shawnees for months.
"Russula virescens" can be found fruiting on soil in both deciduous forests and mixed forests, forming ectomycorrhizal symbiotic relationships with a variety of trees, including oaks ("Quercus"), European beech ("Fagus sylvatica"), and aspen ("Populus tremula").
Also on September 12, the Committee on Style, charged with making a polished final draft of the document, reported, and Mason began to list objections on his copy.
A new show in London in 1912 showcased the best of music hall's talent.
New strains developed between the band members regarding the appointment of a financial adviser, the need for which had become evident without Epstein to manage business affairs.
Four days later, on May 18, 1792, a 100,000-man Russian army crossed the Polish border, headed for Warsaw, beginning the Polish–Russian War of 1792.
The occasion was a triumph—"easily Mahler's biggest lifetime success," according to biographer Robert Carr—but it was overshadowed by the composer's discovery, before the event, that Alma had begun an affair with the young architect Walter Gropius.
The glaucous-leaved "P. glaucescens" was formerly considered a subspecies of "P. lanceolata", but no intermediate forms have been recorded from where the two taxa grow together near Hill Top in the Southern Highlands.
Located at river mile (RM) 12.8 or river kilometer (RK) 20.6, the gauge measures the flow from an area of , roughly 97 percent of the Willamette basin.
Old Pine Church reportedly housed a school in the early 20th century while still serving as a center for worship.
In 1969, the Malay share of equity reportedly stood at 1.5% while the Chinese held 22.8%; the rest was largely in foreign hands.
In burrowing species, there may be two elongated, retractable siphons reaching up to the seabed, one each for the inhalant and exhalant streams of water.
In one such campaign, two of his brothers were killed while fighting alongside him.
Alfred Einstein said of the concerto's second movement that it "moves in regions of the purest and most moving tranquility, and has a transcendent simplicity of expression".
"Due care is a duty imposed on each one of us to protect society from unnecessary danger, not to protect A, B or C alone ... In an empty world, negligence would not exist.
The absence of previous finds may be the result of people assuming preserved tissue was impossible, therefore not looking.
As blue-collar jobs were replaced by the service industry, Alioto's weakened political base allowed for new leadership to be voted into office in the city.
The "Ottawa Citizen" stated that the defeat could be attributed to "the uneasy talk ... that the Liberals have been in too long."
Until 1 July 2016, the currency of Belarus was the Belarusian ruble (BYR).
"Exile" was generally received positively upon release; the PC version holds a 79% favorable rating at GameRankings and an 83% rating at Metacritic.
"Cross" is a sequel to "Chrono Trigger" featuring a new setting and cast of characters.
Essentially, an owner of land could dispose of it by granting the right to use it and collect fees to another, not just by selling it.
This was partly at the request of the Germans, and partly due to the influence of magazines such as "Cheval".
Other experienced Arctic hands were William Nindemann, a "Polaris" survivor, and the ice pilot William Dunbar, who had many years' experience in whalers.
Ted was a fighter pilot with the United States Army Air Forces and served in the Aleutian Islands Campaign.
Wells knocks Anderson unconscious during the interrogation and drags him into another room.
On the morning of Thursday, September 5, the fair gates were opened at 6:00 a.m. to allow the crowds to enter early and seek good spots to witness the President's speech.
The Lord Privy Seal, Sir Ian Gilmour, told the House of Commons that the government wished "to maintain good relations with Libya", but that "we are making it clear that the Libyan authorities must understand what can and cannot be done under the law of the United Kingdom, and that criminal actions in the United Kingdom must cease".
The following year, he was allocated to the 9th Light Horse Regiment.
Working in cooperation with Welsh and Michael Perrin from Tube Alloys, the London Liaison Office consisted of Calvert, Captain George C. Davis, two Women's Army Corps clerks and three CIC agents.
Mauna Kea does not have a visible summit caldera, but contains a number of small cinder and pumice cones near its summit.
Recording took place at Cello Studios in Los Angeles.
"Goeben" was transferred to the Ottoman Empire and renamed after Sultan Selim I. Popularly known as "Yavûz", she was designated as the flagship of the Ottoman Navy, but she retained her German crew.
Politically, by the 3rd century BCE, the kingdom of Magadha had annexed or reduced other states to emerge as the Mauryan Empire.
Kayenta Formation deposition was ended by the encroaching dune field that would become the Navajo Sandstone.
Living expenses have risen; Boston has one of the highest costs of living in the United States and was ranked the 129th-most expensive major city in the world in a 2011 survey of 214 cities.
Congestion is one of the most prominent features of modern Dhaka.
Following the Fourth Crusade, the Orthodox clergy in the two main Greek states, Epirus and Nicaea, had effectively become separated.
Hoe held it until 1912; following his death that year it was sold in a large scale and commercially successful sell-off of his collection of rare and antique books.
While his father recites the Kaddish, the Jewish prayer for the dead—Wiesel writes that in the long history of the Jews, he does not know whether people have ever recited the prayer for the dead for themselves—Eliezer considers throwing himself against the electric fence.
Bristol City were promoted to the second tier of English football in 2007, losing to Hull City in the playoff for promotion to the Premier League that season.
Seeing the advancing mass of men, the Yorkist archers shot a few more volleys before retreating behind their ranks of men-at-arms, leaving thousands of arrows in the ground to hinder the Lancastrian attack.
Belgium has seen two talented waves since 1980, from which several players in defensive positions gained international fame.
This is supposedly the beginning of a bridge between the two islands that the giant had failed to complete.
His love operates on the subconscious level, and he relates to Lucy more as a spirit of nature than as a human being.
The Colonial Secretary Lord Glenelg postponed meeting with Jones until the spring of 1838, as he was occupied with the Rebellions of 1837.
Ireland's Lord Killanin was elected first vice-president.
He boasted to Texian Army commander Sam Houston that the Texians could "whip 10 to 1 with our artillery".
The attendance of 1,167 against Northampton Town on 5 May 1981 is the lowest ever to see York in a Football League match.
Bartlett himself led the last two groups from the camp on 24 February, leaving a note of the party's location in a copper drum in case the camp should drift into an inhabited area.
However, Kepler later rejected this formula, because it was not precise enough.
Other publishers followed their lead, catering to the increasing audience for sf, but none matched the influence of either company.
Agriculture was impacted significantly, with the storm destroying what may have been the largest "citrus crop in the history of the industry".
The aristocracy did not confine their support to reformed foundations, but continued to donate to unreformed ones.
The city and nearby smaller communities—Castanea, Dunnstown, Flemington, and Mill Hall—are mainly at valley level in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians, a mountain belt characterized by long even valleys running between long continuous ridges.
MMEJ removes the extra nucleotides (flaps) where strands are joined, and then ligates the strands to create an intact DNA double helix.
A few years later, Myrtle Craig became the first woman African-American student to enroll at the College.
Co-owned by Andra, the brewery considers McDonald its inspiration, and produces "Old 'Stache Porter" in his honour.
Sherman, at last, had a unified Ohio delegation behind him and led on the first ballot with 229 votes—more than double his nearest competitor, but well short of the 416 needed for nomination.
"Oryzomys peninsulae" was first collected in 1896 and Oldfield Thomas described it in 1897 as a full species of "Oryzomys".
By 21:30, the ship was settling deeper into the sea.
He was, as he had told "The Washington Post" in October, pro-choice and pro-affirmative action.
Meanwhile, beyond Toronto, the highway was being built in a patchwork fashion, focusing on congested areas first.
After a contentious and chaotic nominating convention at the Music Hall in Louisville, the Democratic Party chose state Senator William Goebel as its nominee.
Jeff Stetson praises Cobain and Mark Lanegan for the distinctiveness of their singing voices and he calls Cornell, Staley and Carrie Akre "...some of the greatest voices...to be heard in modern rock"; he also states that these singers achieved their vocal level without the 2010s-era "industry standard air brushing" of Auto Tune pitch correction.
In 1949, approximately 400 million cigarettes manufactured in the United States entered Germany illegally every month.
The Bank of Canada is the sole authority authorized to issue currency in the form of Canadian bank notes.
Someone should put that [soundtrack] out.'
Average winter and summer high temperatures across Canada vary from region to region.
The Ireland match was the first international of the tour, two months after their arrival in the British Isles.
Rockefeller hired Hugh Sterling Robertson to solicit tenants and secure lease agreements.
The number in non-passerines generally varies between 9 and 11, but grebes, storks and flamingos have 12, and ostriches have 16.
Between 1932 and 1938, Chamberlain halved the percentage of the budget devoted to interest on the war debt.
To align their guns on the target, the turret crewmen had to follow pointers whose position was transmitted from the director.
He was concerned that few Indians were promoted to senior posts, and noted the "bullying, insolent manner" towards Indians that was typically adopted by the British.
He ministered in California until 1837 and became popular with Angelenos.
While waiting for a boat, he toured the city and visited the local brothels.
Some parts of the State Apartments were completely destroyed in the 1992 fire and this area was rebuilt in a style called "Downesian Gothic", named after the architect, Giles Downes.
Concerns over the alleged negligence of local officials to alert locals of the volcano's threat led to controversy.
In July 2006, "Mojo" placed "Hey Jude" at number 12 on its list of "The 101 Greatest Beatles Songs" (between "Eleanor Rigby" and "Come Together").
Roads were either impassable or nonexistent, making water transport on the lake the only viable option.
With Coldwell lacking a seat, the CCF caucus chose Hazen Argue as its leader in the House of Commons.
By 1931, passenger numbers had fallen to such an extent that the hospital authorities no longer considered passenger usage of the line to be economical, and the passenger service was withdrawn.
In April 2006, an inadvertently mailed version of Bethesda's supposed forthcoming game release list began a series of unconfirmed rumors of "Oblivion" releases for the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation Portable (PSP).
The region is mostly mountainous, characterized by steep river valleys.
Wormald suggests that this ruthless behaviour may be explained by the fact that landed estates were becoming harder to find, as so much land had been granted to monasteries.
Cognitive disturbances can occur in the early stages of the disease and sometimes prior to diagnosis, and increase in prevalence with duration of the disease.
Upon encountering an enemy, the player can use a variety of weapons to attack and defeat the enemy.
In April 2007, former "Simpsons" executive producer Mike Reiss listed "Homer's Enemy" as one of his two least favorite episodes, stating, "I just think the episode was in bad taste."
Along the way he is chased by the police and a crowd of people, who presume he is rabid, but he escapes them by swimming across the Hudson River.
The two remaining lack a time record, but grew about during their time in captivity.
Although Garland and William Dean Howells encouraged him to submit his poetry for publication, Crane's free verse was too unconventional for most.
Mitochondrial sequence of the cytochrome b locus differs very slightly from that of Sanford's sea eagle suggesting a relatively recent divergence after New Guinea-based white-bellied sea eagles colonised the Solomon Islands.
It is believed to be the first time a European artist depicted Hope as blind.
At the same time, Schuyler and Moore were developing a new television drama.
The engines were rated at with a top speed of .
Caravaneers paid taxes in the building known as the Tariff Court, where a tax law dating to AD 137 was exhibited.
Throughout the area, rising waters inundated streets, washed boats ashore, and destroyed numerous homes along the coast.
American Sign Language (ASL) is spoken across the country due to the prevalence of ASL in primary and secondary schools.
Macdonald was returned in Kingston but was unseated on an election contest when bribery was proven; he won the ensuing by-election by 17 votes.
This part of Highway 401 often experiences heavy snowsqualls in early winter, sometimes extending as far east as Toronto.
Kona Lanes continued to lose business to newer centers, despite efforts to appeal to a more diverse customer base by hosting local music acts, supporting a Polynesian-themed restaurant called Kona Korral, and promoting gimmicks like "nude bowling".
The four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" granted it a unanimous score of 9 out of 10 and their "Game of the Month" award, commenting that it had set the new standard for excellence in RPGs.
Coloration is often darker on the dorsal surface, fading to a lighter shade ventrally as a form of countershading camouflage.
The Catalina managed to return to base, and Cruickshank was awarded the Victoria Cross for this action.
Webster was defended by a prominent London barrister, Warner Sleigh, and the case was presided over by Mr. Justice Denman.
After drawing the first leg 1–1 at Goodison Park, York progressed after winning the second leg 3–2 at home.
However, difficulties aiming the narrow-angle lens without the aid of a monitor to show what it was looking at made showing the Earth impossible.
The dimensions of the Tetrarch were also changed; the Mark VIII was longer by , wider by and heavier.
The Knowle West Future planning forum was established in 2013 to work on a regeneration plan, based on the positive attributes of the estate.
According to this resolution, there are three conditions for an object in the Solar System to be considered a planet: Pluto fails to meet the third condition.
Hamence batted once in each match, scoring six and 15 as Australia ended the tour with two innings victories.
The Brill Tramway was closed on 1 December 1935; the last services ran on 30 November.
Animal remains have been found in the wreck of the "Mary Rose".
One such road, called the Willis Church Road by some locals and the Quaker Road by others, led south from Glendale to Malvern Hill.
Heavy metals condense in planets as a result of stellar evolution and destruction processes.
This happened long after the sedimentary rocks in the park were deposited, when the part of Gondwana that became Africa collided with what became North America, forming Pangaea.
A few days later, Sihanouk issued a declaration praising Hun Sen and the CPP, while also stating that FUNCINPEC had no intention of leaving the coalition government.
Many of the Chinese who were burned in their houses apparently tried "to dig a hole in the cellar to hide themselves.
The Veerashaiva writer Chamarasa (author of "Prabhulingalile", 1425) and his Vaishnava competitor Kumaravyasa ("Karnata Bharata Kathamanjari", 1450) popularised the "shatpadi" metric tradition initiated by Hoysala poet Raghavanka, in the court of Vijayanagara King Deva Raya II.
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare's family were Catholics, at a time when practicing Catholicism in England was against the law.
Glicken returned to St. Helens to analyze the remains of the volcano's lateral blast.
When "King Lear" played at the Old Vic in 1970, reviews were mixed; J.W. Lambert thought that the "grey sets" and Hordern's "grizzled" costume were how Shakespeare would have intended them to be, while Eric Shorter thought otherwise, stating "I still do not understand those costumes."
Professor of Comparative Religion Arvind Sharma has argued that natural evil cannot be the result of moral evil in the way Augustine suggested: scientific consensus is that natural disasters and disease existed before humans and hence cannot be the result of human sin.
Many songs on this album were labeled protest songs, inspired partly by Guthrie and influenced by Pete Seeger's passion for topical songs.
After the deaths of Calvin and his successor, Beza, the Geneva city council gradually gained control over areas of life that were previously in the ecclesiastical domain.
About 80 percent of the mineral rights to its state parks are not owned by Pennsylvania, and the owner of Worlds End State Park's mineral rights is unknown.
By the beginning of the 19th century, several factors affected Spain's control over its colonies: Napoleon's invasion of Spain in 1808, the abdication of Charles IV, Ferdinand VII's renouncement of his right to succeed, and the placement of Joseph Bonaparte on the Spanish throne.
The cane toad has been spotted in Carriacou and Dominica, the latter appearance occurring in spite of the failure of the earlier introductions.
"URB" included "Silent Alarm" in its unnumbered shortlist of the best records of 2005.
(2003) argued that the energy frugality hypothesis seems to best explain both living and extinct lemur adaptations.
Rare chose the Nintendo 64 "Conker's Bad Fur Day" over the Xbox version ("Conker: Live & Reloaded") because they felt the latter had strayed too far from the original.
Eggman rebuilds the Moon, seemingly out of remorse, but its position shifts, creating a solar eclipse, so he manufactures and sells "Sunshine Balls" to replicate sunlight.
On February 13, the Kentucky House achieved a quorum, and the Senate did so the following day.
She praised it for dispelling "the myth" that sexual violence is confined to one social class, for illustrating how boys model their sexual conduct on their fathers' treatment of women, and how the culture of sex segregation in workplaces can carry over into the public life of a town, exacerbating sexist beliefs and behaviours.
During George II's reign British interests expanded throughout the world, the Jacobite challenge to the Hanoverian dynasty was extinguished, and the power of ministers and Parliament in Britain became well-established.
This calibre gun was used by the Germans against Paris and could hit targets more than away.
Although Gregory had intended London to be the southern archbishopric for the island, Augustine never moved his episcopal see to London, and instead consecrated Mellitus as a plain bishop there.
Durga's fatal fever is attributed to a monsoon downpour in the film, but is unexplained in the novel.
Tyler's report led to an unusual alteration, as it was discovered that the loading gauge of the line was too small.
Lassen grew past the normal maximum size of plug dome volcanoes, , and reached a height of above the surrounding plateau in as little as a few years.
Mihdhar bought a fake ID on July 10 from All Services Plus in Passaic County, New Jersey, which was in the business of selling counterfeit documents, including another ID to Flight 11 hijacker Abdulaziz al-Omari.
The rooflights are made from stainless steel and the glasswork is covered by a lattice of solid oak struts.
Nomadic Southern Athabaskan-speaking peoples, such as the Apache and Navajo, succeeded the Pueblo people in this region by the 15th century.
As reservists serve on a part-time basis, they are less costly to the government than permanent members of the ADF, but the nature of their service can mean that reservists have a lower level of readiness than regular personnel and require further training before they can be deployed.
The geology of the Grand Canyon area includes one of the most complete and studied sequences of rock on Earth.
Cleopatra Selene II imported many important scholars, artists, and advisers from her mother's royal court in Alexandria to serve her in Caesarea, now permeated in Hellenistic Greek culture.
Guardian souls provide continuous effects including transforming into mythical creatures, defensive abilities, and the summoning of familiars.
In its 1906 season, New York again contended for the AL championship.
Barlog also hinted that another sequel would be made; he said, "The story has not yet been completed.
If not wingless, a mantis has two sets of wings: the outer wings, or tegmina, are usually narrow and leathery.
The majority of the European population before industrialization lived in rural communities or isolated farms and households.
Leonard Tyte from Aldermaston was appointed the technical director.
Throughout the season, he played several valuable innings when Yorkshire were under pressure.
No copies of the Aegyptiaca have survived to this day and it is now known only through later writings by Sextus Julius Africanus and Eusebius.
If alerted, enemy characters will hunt for the player, set up traps, and fire blindly to nullify Nova's cloaking device.
In his seminal 1950 essay "Projective Verse", Charles Olson, the theorist of the Black Mountain group, wrote "ONE PERCEPTION MUST IMMEDIATELY AND DIRECTLY LEAD TO A FURTHER PERCEPTION"; his credo derived from and supplemented the Imagists.
Brooks first started using the ring name CM Punk when he was put into a tag team named The Chick Magnets with CM Venom after another performer skipped out on the card.
In addition, he likened certain plot elements or characters in "Greed" to John Huston's "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" (1948), Alfred Hitchcock's "Rear Window" (1954), Claude Chabrol's "Les Bonnes Femmes" (1960) and Elaine May's "Mikey and Nicky" (1975).
Border settlements, usually located about halfway between neighbouring capitals, often switched allegiance over the course of their history, and at times acted independently.
Only two years had passed since Col. Franklin Matthias first set up his temporary headquarters on the banks of the Columbia River.
Oppenheimer's inspirational leadership fostered practical approaches to designing and building bombs.
In the past twenty years, "U.S. News & World Report" has placed Duke as high as 3rd and as low as 10th.
John Robb—soon to be a cofounder of The Membranes and later a music journalist—described the record's impact: "From Steve Jones' opening salvo of descending chords, to Johnny Rotten's fantastic sneering vocals, this song is the perfect statement...a stunningly powerful piece of punk politics...a lifestyle choice, a manifesto that heralds a new era".
Some local authorities had already attempted to alleviate the problem, with limited success; in 1694, Edinburgh allowed anatomists to dissect corpses "found dead in the streets, and the bodies of such as die violent deaths ... who shall have nobody to own them".
When the war finished he attempted to revive his various interests, but his health was failing, forcing him to close his laboratory.
McCain resolved not to become a "professional POW" but to move forward and rebuild his life.
In technical terms, the power chord is relatively simple: it involves just one main interval, generally the perfect fifth, though an octave may be added as a doubling of the root.
These changes were orchestrated by Lord Elphinstone, the governor of the Madras Presidency.
It is not known how long the spot will last, or whether the change is a result of normal fluctuations.
This species shows sexual dimorphism.
After a visual inspection of the telescope, astronauts conducted repairs, replaced failed or degraded components, upgraded equipment, and installed new instruments.
Each apartment was occupied by about nine to ten families.
Hand was relieved when the United States entered the war in December 1941.
Once the operation is complete, Heiter attempts to train his centipede as a pet, often belittling Katsuro with racist insults and beating him with a crop when he becomes rebellious.
Utamaro took advantage of this rivalry in his art, going as far as to portray the two tearoom beauties in tug-of-war and other competitions, with deities associated with their neighbourhoods supporting them: Buddhist guardian deity Acala was associated with Yagenbori, and supported Hisa; Guanyin, the Goddess of Mercy, was associated with the temple Sensō-ji in Asakusa, and supported Kita.
It was named "The Führer Upholds the Law."
In 2005, GameSpot stated ""Planescape: Torment" has quite possibly the best implementation of role-playing an evil character ever to appear in a computer or video game to date".
Had the eruption occurred one day later, when loggers would have been at work, rather than on a Sunday, the death toll could have been much higher.
The shot of the "Enterprise" leaving Spacedock was difficult to produce because the interior dock miniature had disappeared.
Viking metal is a style of heavy metal music characterized by a lyrical and thematic focus on Norse mythology, Norse paganism, and the Viking Age.
At this interchange, Creek Turnpike traffic merges with northbound US-64 onto a free road, forming the Mingo Valley Expressway.
Marriott wrote that the game was an impressive showing of the Dreamcast's potential and that it was among the best of the series.
In the clash of infantry, the issue briefly hung in the balance, but then the Theban left-wing broke through the Spartan line, and the entire enemy phalanx was put to flight.
A group of eleven appointed islanders were responsible for the maintenance of the wall, the health of the sheep flock, and recording ownership of the sheep.
Puerto Rico suffered greatly during the Great Depression of the 1930s, and many Puerto Ricans moved to the East Coast of the United States looking for jobs and a better way of life.
As of 2009, the tourist authorities in the area were seeking to establish the term "Avalon Marshes" as the new name of the Somerset Moors.
One of these ideas was that of the "verse"; Holowka realized partway through development that he had been using the same twelve-note sequence transposed into different keys throughout the music, and realized that the idea of a pervasive musical theme to the world fit with the story.
"The Man Trap" placed first in its timeslot, with Nielsen ratings of 25.2 during the first half-hour; some 46.7 percent of all televisions in use at the time were tuned in to the episode.
On this basis, the hurricane is believed to have made landfall in Puerto Rico as a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale, although there was uncertainty in the peak intensity, due to the large size and slow movement of the storm.
"To what sort of penalties might we not justly subject people," Porphyry asked, "who are fugitives from their fathers' customs?"
At 2:40 Churchill left the scene, at about the time the Royal Horse Artillery arrived with two 13-pounder field artillery pieces.
According to Jones, Adams telephoned him when he was writing the pilot to ask whether he would essentially play himself; Adams later stated that although Dent was not a portrayal of Jones, he wrote the part to play to Jones's strengths as an actor.
Central nervous system toxicity was first described by Paul Bert in 1878.
A very attacking player early in his career, he later became more defensive, playing more frequently off the back foot and abandoning the hook shot as too risky.
The Rockets won all their games in Houston, and advanced to the second round of the playoffs for the first time since 1997, and the first time in Yao's career.
Main programmer Takuya Matsumoto was delighted to see it released before the Saturn's discontinuation, saying "the fact that we've been able to push the Saturn this far is enough for me to die happy".
Damage from the storm, if any, is unknown.
The first Constitutional Convention was held in 1891 in the chamber of the Legislative Council of New South Wales in Macquarie Street, Sydney, around the corner from Garran's chambers in Phillip Street; Garran regularly attended and sat in the public gallery to see "history... in the making under my very eyes."
Shen's hypotheses were similar to the concept of the epicycle in the Greco-Roman tradition, only Shen compared the side-section of orbital paths of planets and variations of planetary speeds to points in the tips of a willow leaf.
Another annual benefit is Taste of the Panthers, a gourmet food tasting which raises funds for Second Harvest Food Bank of Metrolina.
The story has been adapted several times, including in a 1997 film version directed by Paul Verhoeven that sought to satirize what the director saw as the fascist aspects of the novel.
The decisive engagements were the Battles of Tampere and Vyborg (; ), won by the Whites, and the Battles of Helsinki and Lahti, won by German troops, leading to overall victory for the Whites and the German forces.
Sir Henry Wood programmed the work at the Proms the following year, where it made more of an impression.
The operation appears to have had limited effect.
A field study in an ancient broadleaved woodland in England showed that of five "Armillaria" species present in the woods, "A. gallica" was consistently the first to colonize tree stumps that had been coppiced the previous year.
American naval vessels supplemented the French in evacuating northerners to Saigon, the southern capital.
The office was vacant for almost three years, until Maxentius permitted another election.
It was not until 1873, when a fire spread from the famous playhouse since the 1790s next door to the north, the Holliday Street Theater to the "Assembly Rooms", that the City Council dedicated the resources to erect a new building especially for the City College.
He no longer plays in a rock band, but regularly plays music with friends and on his own, and still writes songs.
When they arrived in the river valley, they found only a pioneer couple, immigrants who had been separated from their company and were near starvation.
In one of its sessions, the count, who had already embarked on a plan of gradually freeing his own slaves, proposed the creation of a civil association devoted to slavery's abolition.
Although Wallace had sent several articles for journal publication during his travels through the Malay archipelago, the Ternate essay was in a private letter.
The HDF data provided extremely rich material for cosmologists to analyse and by late 2014 the associated scientific paper for the image had received over 900 citations.
All but one of the major iguana concentrations are either partially or fully protected by the Cuban government.
After entering the Pacific "U-862" scored her first success on this patrol when she attacked the U.S.-registered liberty ship "Robert J. Walker" off the South Coast of New South Wales on 24 December 1944.
According to Speer, while he was successful in this debate, Hitler had also won, "because he wanted and needed me back in his corner, and he got me".
Massachusetts: Harvard University Press.
Ned states that he now understands the folly of guns and drops his rifle, which accidentally fires, killing Kenny.
It was upgraded to grade II* in April 2015, along with Deal War Memorial in Kent and the memorial to the 29th Division (under which the 1st Battalion Lancashire Fusiliers was organised) at Stretton-on-Dunsmore in Warwickshire, to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
Reagan hosted two 2008 Republican presidential debates at the Reagan Presidential Library, the first in May 2007 and the second in January 2008.
Adult sunfish range from brown to silvery-grey or white, with a variety of mottled skin patterns; some of these patterns may be region-specific.
Viking publishing planned to release a 75th-anniversary edition of the classic in March 2016.
Red orbs can also be collected by killing foes and destroying certain inanimate objects.
Known as the "Pompeii of the East", the site has remained intact beneath three metres of pyroclastic deposits and provides insight into the culture that vanished.
By the end of July, Melish wrote that 24,000 pieces had been distributed and that the remaining thousand soon would be.
Although Lord Foppington may be "very industrious to pass for an ass", as Amanda remarks, he is at bottom "a man who Nature has made no fool" (II.i.148).
The following day, however, the box was found washed up in shallow water next to the river bank about a mile downstream.
Merckx drew clear as the race approached Mont Faron, with Simpson following.
After the Continental victory at the Battle of Cowpens in South Carolina in January 1781, Washington ordered Lafayette to re-form his force in Philadelphia and go south to Virginia to link up with troops commanded by Baron von Steuben.
Anthony Camp, Director of Research at the Society of Genealogists, has dismissed the claims that George IV was the father of Ord, Hervey, Hampshire and Candy as fictitious.
A digital version was released on 18 October for the Xbox 360, which went on to become the highest grossing day-one and week-one release on Xbox Live.
Task Force 38.4 with two fleet carriers, two light aircraft carriers, one heavy cruiser, one light cruiser and thirteen destroyers was also available to support Task Force 77 if required.
Shiamak Davar choreographed the dance sequence of "Bum Bum Bole," and was given free rein over its design.
These were later sent as rooted cuttings to Veitch Nurseries in England.
Another review, in "La Revue du théâtre", praised his "admirable technique of details".
When George III was eventually forced to send troops to the area, he said: "I cannot but feel better pleased that Priestley is the sufferer for the doctrines he and his party have instilled, and that the people see them in their true light."
Within the novel, the Law forbids violence between the inhabitants of the Place.
Years later, on March 4, 1949, the heirs of eighteen merchant seamen killed in the explosion were granted a total of $390,000 after gaining approval of their consent decrees in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
She absorbs the situation and performs accordingly.
In the four Tests that Johnson played, he claimed 12 wickets at 20.25 and had a batting average of 58.00—inflated because of a series of not out innings; his highest score for the series was 41.
It was headed by the early Norwegian black metal scene, through artists such as Mayhem, Darkthrone, Burzum, Immortal, Emperor, Satyricon, Thorns, Ulver, and Gorgoroth.
On 3 September, the commander of 1st Marine Aircraft Wing, U.S. Marine Brigadier General Roy S. Geiger, arrived with his staff and took command of all air operations at Henderson Field.
The height of the trees is limited by factors such as frost, lightning, and wind: the majority of trees in hammocks grow no higher than .
The cylindrical stem is a pale flesh color with a delicately downy surface and brittle flesh; it is up to long and thick.
According to Freedom House, In the year following the incident, the scale of imprisonment, torture, and deaths of Falun Gong practitioners in custody increased significantly.
Research suggests that he was married three times, with his first marriage (to Hannah McAleer) taking place in the early 20th century.
Between 1964 and 1967, Teller visited Israel six times, lecturing at Tel Aviv University, and advising the chiefs of Israel's scientific-security circle as well as prime ministers and cabinet members.
Hall highlighted the film's soundtrack and Nance's "Chaplinesque" physical comedy as the film's stand-out elements.
American scientists thought the missing body to be Anastasia because none of the female skeletons showed the evidence of immaturity, such as an immature collarbone, undescended wisdom teeth, or immature vertebrae in the back, that they would have expected to find in a seventeen-year-old.
Waste management is co-ordinated by the local authority via the Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority.
Although Henry has never been officially canonized, he has been referred to as a saint since as early as 1296 according to a papal document of the time, and continues to be called as such today as well.
During the turmoil, Leonidas II had executed his rival king, the reformist Agis IV.
A series of ditches was found that would have provided a supply of fresh water and also a means for drainage of a relatively wet site.
The four hours of bonus content and expanded director's cut were favorably received.
In 1924 Washington Duke's son, James B. Duke, established The Duke Endowment with a $40 million trust fund.
The diamondback moth ("Plutella xylostella") and the cabbage moth ("Mamestra brassicae") thrive in the higher summer temperatures of continental Europe, where they cause considerable damage to cabbage crops.
Đính announced a deal whereby the Buddhists would have regular air time in return for relinquishing control of the radio station.
Lung X-rays can also reveal dilation of the bronchiolar passages, another sign of DBP.
Similarly, his "Times" obituary stated that: "At a time when studio productions were usually as static as the conventional theatre, he was widely respected for a creative contribution to British television drama which gave it a new dimension."
There was some disagreement between the courtiers on whether to tell the prince; Coventry and Wilson both thought it the right move, but Arthur Somerset felt that the matter could and should be dealt with by those present.
In 1949, after years out of the limelight, Larwood was elected to honorary membership of the MCC.
Pick acknowledged that he could be difficult to work with: "I have always kept in mind my own frailties – a short temper.
Later, Moosally began working for Lockheed Martin in the Washington, D.C. area.
In 2007, Affleck was the keynote speaker at Kindregan's high school graduation ceremony in Fairfax, Virginia.
Rescaling the left hand blue area vertically by the factor "t" and shrinking it by the same factor horizontally does not change its size.
She was advised by former Dark Blue Neil Chugani, winning cox in the 1991 race.
Originally it was planned that an elliptical plaza would be built around the foot of the monument, enclosed by a granite wall high, with benches placed inside it, while a hedge of thujas was to be planted around the outside.
Ray's work has been described as full of humanism and universality, and of a deceptive simplicity with deep underlying complexity.
Although there are a few steep slopes tilting up to about 50° on Ida, the slope generally does not exceed 35°.
That is, the reader begins at the bottom left-hand corner of a tablet, reads a line from left to right, then rotates the tablet 180 degrees to continue on the next line.
From the upper room, the machine-cut rafters are visible.
Those starfish that brood their eggs by "sitting" on them usually assume a humped posture with their discs raised off the substrate.
He became Governor of Tennessee for four years, and was elected by the legislature to the U.S. Senate in 1857.
It serves as a base for support units of 3rd Canadian Division, also including 3 CDSG Signals Squadron, Shared Services Unit (West), 11 CF Health Services Centre, 1 Dental Unit, 1 Military Police Regiment, and an Integrated Personnel Support Centre.
The longer the period is before the larva first feeds, the larger the egg and yolk need to be.
Young required that soldiers using a patrol cabin keep a daily log of activities, including game counts, visitor counts and weather observations.
During his bankruptcy examination Castro had mentioned an entitlement to property in England.
Ion Storm worked with QuakeEd developer Robert Duffy to create QERadiant, later adapted to ION Radiant.
Hornsby set National League records in 1922 with 42 home runs, 250 hits and a .722 slugging percentage (still the highest ever for players with 600+ at-bats).
This plan was abandoned because it would have segregated the handicapped.
Feynman felt one should do everything possible to achieve that peace of mind.
McAfee, Sophos and later Trend Micro affirmed that an antitrust lawsuit would surely have followed if Microsoft had bundled the product with Windows.
Fruit bodies occur singly or in large groups.
Afterwards, members from each team enter at time intervals until all wrestlers are involved in the bout so a pinfall or submission can occur.
He was employed briefly by the newly formed Edison Telephone Company in 1879–80, and as in Dublin achieved rapid promotion.
The performance, by the Kol Yisrael Orchestra with the Tel Aviv Chamber Choir, was acclaimed by the audience of 3000, but received mixed reviews from the press.
Up to the end of the 18th century, slate was extracted on a small scale by groups of quarrymen who paid a royalty to the landlord, carted slate to the ports, and then shipped it to England, Ireland and sometimes France.
By 1941, only remained under cultivation.
The surface currents flow in a clockwise direction in the Northern Hemisphere and anticlockwise in the Southern Hemisphere.
The amount of time between impact and collapse allowed everyone on the fourth and fifth levels to evacuate safely before the structure collapsed.
Two years later he became a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club and played in minor games for them for many years.
The following week it debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number 98, its apex for its two-week stay.
Of the groups shown in the table, 49 percent of the children, 26 percent of the female passengers, 82 percent of the male passengers and 78 percent of the crew died.
The focus on wrestling was fortuitous for the Coens, as they participated in the sport in high school.
This trauma can contribute to a loss of reproductive success and harm to developing embryos.
In 1922, he collaborated with fellow MIT professor William H. Timbie on "Principles of Electrical Engineering", an introductory textbook.
Justus von Liebig is another important figure in the development of the new thinking, although his position is ambiguous.
The report also called Friday's first goal of the day "glorious": he collected the ball wide on the left wing, took it past four Exeter defenders and then fired the ball low and hard into the opposite corner from the edge of the penalty area.
In 1937 Rejewski, along with the German section of the Cipher Bureau, transferred to a secret facility near Pyry in the Kabaty Woods south of Warsaw.
Certainly, I don't want it back under those kinds of terms."
The peace did not last and the First Barons' War broke out.
He and his two companions – 18-year-old Jack Martin and 13-year-old Peterkin Gay – are the sole survivors of the shipwreck.
It had a mass much larger than had been previously expected, almost as large as that of a gold atom.
The new class, with twelve guns, was assigned the name "Montana" and cleared for construction by the United States Congress under the Two-Ocean Navy Act in 1940; funding for the new ships was approved in 1941.
A concept album based on "Alice in Wonderland", the album was well received by critics, but was not successful in the charts.
French entomologist Jean Baptiste Boisduval described two specimens collected from Port Jackson as "Cicada tephrogaster" (later "Tibicen tephrogaster") in 1835; this has long been considered a junior synonym.
While this action drew criticism from the New Zealand dressing room, there was separate incident in this match (relating to an inadequate England over-rate), for which the ICC banned Collingwood for four limited-overs internationals.
Since 2015, all of Lutyens' memorials in England have been protected by listed building status.
US Open champion, Bill Tilden, and Wimbledon champion, Fred Perry, entertained the crowds in an exhibition match.
Every year, some 50,000 invited guests are entertained at garden parties, receptions, audiences, and banquets.
She summed up her character with a caption on a magnet of Happy Bunny holding a knife; "Cute but psycho.
She regularly entered public speaking competitions, placing first in the "Humorous Interpretation" category at the National District Tournament two years running.
Riggs reclaimed the first position from Kahne on the 13th lap; after starting from 41st, Jeff Gordon moved up to 22nd position by lap 15.
They split open either after bushfire or spontaneously, and release oval seeds in length, composed of a wedge-shaped body long and wide, and curved wing wide.
They wed in the town of Berdychiv on 14 March 1850, five months before he died.
Fleming wrote the novel at his Goldeneye estate in Jamaica before his first book, "Casino Royale", was published; much of the background came from Fleming's travel in the US and knowledge of Jamaica.
Shankly felt the referee biased allowing questionable Italian goals.
By 1711, Cantillon found himself in the employment of British Paymaster General James Brydges, in Spain, where he organised payments to British prisoners of war during the War of Spanish Succession.
Poor drainage and water flows off the monument also caused significant deterioration of the platform, terrace, and stairs.
Parish felt that it was confusing and inessential to the game, while Juba said that it was "a disaster" which "screws up at almost every turn", overshadowing the game's good points.
"Segundo Romance" was released on 30 August 1994.
Jacobs' wife, Natalie Trundy, who appeared as a mutant in "Beneath" and would play the ape Lisa in the next two sequels, was cast as Dr. Stephanie Branton.
Punk submitted to Albright's Crowbar and was eliminated, but he returned later in the match to distract Albright, allowing Stevens to pin Albright and become the new OVW Television Champion.
By 1907, 40 of the class A and B locomotives had been sold or scrapped and by 1914 only 13 locomotives of these classes had been retained for shunting, departmental work and working trains over the Brill Tramway.
When the helium is exhausted, the Sun will repeat the expansion it followed when the hydrogen in the core was exhausted, except that this time it all happens faster, and the Sun becomes larger and more luminous.
and "Debaser") received praise and citations from contemporaries, including Radiohead's Thom Yorke and Nirvana's Kurt Cobain.
Speyer increased rehearsal time for the Queen's Hall Orchestra and was involved in the challenge to the deputy system then operating, stopping musicians from sending under-prepared substitutes to perform in their places.
A liquid-cooled intercooler on top of the supercharger casing was used to prevent the compressed air/fuel mixture from becoming too hot.
"Cinefantastique" reported that during filming, Cattrall participated in a photo shoot on the empty "Enterprise" bridge, where she wore nothing but her Vulcan ears.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film received an approval rating of 94% based on 250 reviews, with an average rating of 7.9/10.
After two years of pre-production, Focus Features dropped the film in August 2004.
Still, Duncan ended the year averaging 16.8 points and 12.5 rebounds per game, was named Defensive Player of the Year and became the third-best shot-blocker in NCAA history with 3.98 blocks per game.
She dropped out of school when she was 14 without receiving a GED or a diploma.
The lake's hot, acidic water significantly accelerated the melting of the ice; this effect was confirmed by the large amounts of sulfates and chlorides found in the lahar flow.
He applied to have WINC broadcast on AM 1370 at 250 watts, and the application was approved on February 4, 1941.
It was also commonly hit and killed by vehicles.
"O. gorgasi" is further part of the "O. couesi" section, which is centered on the widespread Central American "O. couesi" and also includes six other species with more limited and peripheral distributions.
After visiting the medical center, he, along with Martin Luther King, III, headed to the Sasha Bruce House homeless shelter for teens to participate with others in service activities.
A book, "Together Alone" (), written by Falconer, documents the story of their residence on Caroline Island.
Whilst the top-break, self-extracting revolvers used by the British and Commonwealth militaries are the best-known examples of Webley Revolvers, the company produced a number of other highly popular revolvers largely intended for the police and civilian markets.
When Holst composed a short choral piece to celebrate the 21st birthday of the Oriana Madrigal Society, Joseph provided words which humorously reflected the conductor Kennedy Scott's working methods; the work was greatly appreciated by the choir.
Little detailed information is available about "Yamashiro"s activities during the 1920s, although she did make a port visit to Ryojun Guard District, in Manchuria, on 5 April 1925 and also conducted training off the coast of China.
The next time that a vehicle was permitted on the island was on July 6, 1998, to commemorate the original ordinance that prohibited cars from Mackinac Island.
Before the song's first live performance, Yorke told audiences that "[i]f you can have sex to this one, you're fucking weird."
Early on September 22, the National Hurricane Center noted that regeneration into a tropical cyclone was a distinct possibility.
It struck me that Tchaikovsky, who was above all a lyrical and melodic composer, had introduced operatic elements into his symphonies.
In any event, women officers continued to be employed in technical positions as the WAAAF expanded over the next two years, peaking in strength at 18,667 members in October 1944.
The IAJR kept most of the through traffic as its line was more direct, only instead of via the Great North route.
M-theory is a theory in physics that unifies all consistent versions of superstring theory.
Produced by Roger Pusey, and assisted by Ted De Bono, this version of the song was first included on the 1984 compilation "Hatful of Hollow".
NY 174 has also had several minor realignments.
Points were awarded for the first riders across the summit of each climb; the rider with the most accumulated points won the classification and wore a white jersey with blue polka dots.
Outside the gates, a car plowed into a group of fans, killing two women and critically injuring a third.
These β interactions are mediated mainly by salt bridges and hydrophobic interactions between conserved alpha helices whose disruption by mutation damages the proteasome's ability to assemble.
An alternative view is taken by philosophers such as Thomas Nagel and Colin McGinn.
After protests from his fellow players, he retired again for four years, but returned in 1996, at age 36, to play 32 games for the Lakers before retiring for the third and final time.
Paul Mares of the New Orleans Rhythm Kings insisted that Beiderbecke's chief influence was the New Orleans cornetist Emmett Hardy, who died in 1925 at the age of 23.
Previously, the definition required that all companies and intermediate parent companies in a group to be UK resident.
During the McNamara Taylor mission to South Vietnam, Thơ confided his belief that the country was heading in the wrong direction to the American delegation, imploring them to pressure Diệm to reform his policies.
The jet is precessing, causing the outflow to form a helical pattern out to .
Stocks were increased by animals transferred from other zoos that had been forced to close.
The remake starred Venkatesh and Namitha in the lead roles, while Kalabhavan Mani and Murali reprised their roles from the Tamil version.
Reviewing the tour, "Wisden" stated, "With Hutton, figures did not lie.
During the war, "Barbaros Hayreddin" conducted gunnery training along with the other capital ships of the Ottoman navy, escorted troop convoys, and bombarded coastal installations.
Its tall bright yellow spikes, known as inflorescences, are terminal and well displayed.
Her name in Japanese, , was originally a placeholder.
As there is an increased risk of central nervous system oxygen toxicity on deep dives, long dives and dives where oxygen-rich breathing gases are used, divers are taught to calculate a maximum operating depth for oxygen-rich breathing gases, and cylinders containing such mixtures must be clearly marked with that depth.
Venus and Cupid are then discovered, in conversation, on a desolate seashore.
Water is too volatile to have been present at Earth's formation and must have been subsequently delivered from outer, colder parts of the Solar System.
A study published in 2014 found, rapid grounding line retreat in the years 1992-2011.
In 1795, President Washington negotiated an agreement with the Spanish that secured the right of Americans to trade on the river.
It was, however, immediately revised to better define the olive leaves at the right end of the branch (over the "N" and the "T" in "cents"); on the original design, the leaves overlapped with each other.
Between these, Monteverdi composed "Le nozze d'Enea con Lavinia"; the libretto survives in manuscript form, though no trace of the music has been found.
Only more massive stars, or low-metallicity stars with lower mass loss, would produce a black hole.
Conversely, the folklorist Margaret Murray suggested that it represented a pre-Christian god of fertility whose worship survived in Dorset into the modern period, although more recent scholarship has been highly sceptical of this interpretation.
She did not wish to be a nun and appealed to Anselm for permission to marry Henry, and the Archbishop established a council at Lambeth Palace to judge the issue.
John Hutchinson advised caution regarding this theory, suggesting that they must first look into dinosaur muscles to see how frequently they could have contracted.
Generally breakfast is made from wheat flour in various different foods such as puff-puff (doughnuts), accra banana made from bananas and flour, bean cakes and many more.
These longer trips were Fanny's idea.
As part of recommendations, the QEW east of Highway 427 to the Humber River was transferred to the responsibility of the City of Toronto.
Clarence Edward Smith (February 22, 1928 – June 13, 1969), better known by his assumed names Clarence 13X and Allah, was an American leader and founder of the Five-Percent Nation.
During his business career, Romney held several positions in the local lay clergy.
The representatives agreed and, impressed with Alcibiades, they alienated themselves from Nicias, who genuinely wanted to reach an agreement with the Spartans.
The Knight Riders hold the record for the longest winning streak by any Indian team in T20s (14).
In response to an order from President Lyndon B. Johnson to cut production of enriched uranium by 25 percent, K-25 and K-27 ceased production in 1964, but in 1969 K-25 began producing uranium enriched to 3 to 5 percent for use in nuclear reactors.
In 1941, his cousin, Colonel Dušan Radović, left Yugoslavia and joined the Royal Air Force.
Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection, with its tree-like model of branching common descent, has become the unifying theory of the life sciences.
I like very much my two collections of Improvisations, an Intermezzo in A flat, and certain Nocturnes.
The precise diameter has been hard to define for several reasons: To overcome these challenges, researchers have employed various solutions.
They stated that their propaganda had been slanted towards the Soviet Union because they did not want to communicate with London.
Against the background of this unrest, Charles faced bankruptcy in mid-1640.
Mottram has stated they would like to market a sequel based on the highly positive feedback they had received; however, with other Zoë Mode projects such as "SingStar" and "Play" taking precedence, he does not know when this could be.
"Banksia scabrella" is killed by fire and regenerates by seed.
He died of yellow fever at age 21 on October 16, 1878, during an in the Mississippi River Valley that caused 20,000 deaths.
When a blacksmith's family were being frightened by the repeated appearances of a water kelpie at their summer cottage, the blacksmith managed to render it into a "heap of starch, or something like it" by penetrating the spirit's flanks with two sharp iron spears that had been heated in a fire.
Pope Eugene came in person to France to encourage the enterprise.
The same hotspot more recently gave rise to the Tuamotu Archipelago.
The progress on the left flank was eventually impeded by harassing fire from the Pimple that was made worse when the creeping barrage got too far ahead of the advancing troops.
A separate proposal to order 10 A-4G Skyhawks, a variant of the Skyhawk designed specifically for the RAN and optimised for air defence, was approved in 1965.
He played rugby football as a full back during winter, and cricket with his friends and brothers in summer.
Toward the end of October he joined Keyes at his lodgings in London.
When the opera reached the Brooklyn Academy of Music, six weeks after the world premiere, there was again applause during the "Spirit of '76"'s descent.
Described as having a circumboreal distribution, "R. palmatus" has been reported from Canada, Iran, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germany, the area formerly known as the USSR, Korea, Japan, and New Zealand.
Other denominations include the United Church (6.5%), Anglican (6.4%), Presbyterian (3.1%), Christian Orthodox (2.9%), and other denominations (9.8%).
However, some contributions from volcanic plumes are required as the highest observed densities have been seen near volcanic vents.
"Mercy Point" also garnered negative reactions from television critics, with GamesRadar's Dave Golder including it on his list of the worst science fiction and fantasy television shows of all time for its "[t]rite, obvious and cheesy" storylines.
The soundtrack was released on June 23, 2000, featuring 112 tracks from the game over two compact discs.
The "Dictionary" was finally published in April 1755, with the title page acknowledging that Oxford had awarded Johnson a Master of Arts degree in anticipation of the work.
The 2009 World Series was the championship series of Major League Baseball's (MLB) 2009 season.
It has 1,300 pupils aged 11–16 and 80 students in its sixth form.
Lewis warns the reader against the potential for government to take advantage of periods of fear and upheaval in a post-9/11 society to suppress freedom of speech and criticism by citizens.
The base colour of the upperparts is pale tan to yellow-green, heavily marked with irregular brown spots in a reticulated pattern, and several broad dark brown bands, including ones between the eyes, between the pectoral fins and at the level of the dorsal fin.
The band became increasingly tired during the post-"Doolittle" "Fuck or Fight" tour of the United States and fighting among members continued.
As a result, he vowed that his daughter would become a national champion.
Hobby-wise, Hašek claims that he has been a fan of professional wrestling since his Buffalo days, and says that he mostly follows his favorite wrestlers, Stone Cold Steve Austin and Don "The Rock" Muraco.
In 1922, as an interim measure before the first specially designed definitives were ready, a series of contemporary stamps of King George V were overprinted.
The albums were translated from French into American English with some artwork panels blanked except for the speech balloons.
Each crossover point is, topologically, a four-arm junction, but is constrained to one orientation, in contrast to the flexible single four-arm junction, providing a rigidity that makes the DX motif suitable as a structural building block for larger DNA complexes.
In India, for example, tales of vetālas, ghoul-like beings that inhabit corpses, have been compiled in the "Baitāl Pacīsī"; a prominent story in the "Kathāsaritsāgara" tells of King Vikramāditya and his nightly quests to capture an elusive one.
Although designed to generate 100 horsepower, wear soon reduced its capacity.
He learned to hunt from both local settlers and the Lenape.
His family had strong ties to the city; his father, Edwin Ruthven Bradley, was born there in 1840, and two members of the family held high positions in Chicago's law enforcement.
His drawings of the technology Dan Dare employed were meticulous, and were based on a large body of research and reference material, as well as space ship models, plaster heads, mocked-up space suits, and a complete model of a space station.
Liverpool was banned for an additional year, preventing it from participating in the 1990–91 European Cup, even though it won the League in 1990.
Examples of the former were the operetta "Bitter Sweet" (1929), about a woman who elopes with her music teacher, and the historical extravaganza "Cavalcade" (1931) at Drury Lane, about thirty years in the lives of two families, which required a huge cast, gargantuan sets and a complex hydraulic stage.
The death of his favourite sister, Victoria, in December 1935 depressed him deeply.
The factor "γ" by which lengths contract and times dilate is known as the Lorentz factor and is given by , where "v" is the speed of the object.
He was unhappy there, complaining about bullying and enforced sporting activities, and characterising it as a "detestable house of torture".
The earliest known "true frogs" that fall into the anuran lineage proper all lived in the early Jurassic period.
The gastroenteritis will usually resolve without treatment in a couple of days.
Zimmerman (who prepared Valley View's registration form for the NRHP) said, "Valley View's applied details in the Greek Revival style, including the front entrance entablature and portico, are more limited, yet the variations that can be seen on Valley View and other estates in the South Branch Valley illustrate the flexibility inherent in the style".
The highly fictionalized story presents him as a timid romantic.
The man steals a bottle of vodka and they kiss on the rooftop.
In mid-December, she returned once again to Wilhelmshaven for the yearly overhaul.
In , Stephen gazes into heaven and sees "Jesus standing at the right hand of God" just before his death.
All of the flags are made out of khadi cloth of silk or cotton.
His education there was, he later commented, of more importance to him than anything he learned later in his school and university career.
Although the barbarian's crucifixion might evoke Christian imagery, associations of the film with the religion are roundly rejected.
Belgian reports bemoaned the state of the pitch and refereeing decisions, claiming that the second goal was offside.
The notes were redeemable in specie ("i.e.", gold or silver coin) but, as Sherman would note in his memoirs, they did not solve the revenue problem, as the government did not have the coin to redeem the notes should they all be presented for payment.
At 18, Richard joined the Verdun Juniors, though as a rookie he saw little ice time in the regular season.
She served as President of the Folklore Society from 1953 to 1955, and published widely over the course of her career.
The guerrillas under Anderson's command, notably including Archie Clement and Frank James, killed more than any of the other group.
Prost said that he was amazed and very touched by the comment.
At least one of these took place during the Spring Offensive, on 22 March, when all available Allied aircraft were thrown into battle to stem the German advance.
The aircraft has triple redundant hydraulic systems with only one system required for landing.
The collapse began in Haarlem, when, for the first time, buyers apparently refused to show up at a routine bulb auction.
Sega of America now was faced with trying to market the 32X with the Saturn's Japan release occurring simultaneously.
Outside of the National Register of Historic Places boundary to the northwest of Old Pine Church lies a second parcel of land acquired around 1950 for additional burials.
In contrast to necrosis, which often results from disease or trauma, apoptosis—or programmed cell death—is a normal healthy function of cells.
The 9th Division began to move from Australia to the island of Morotai in the Netherlands East Indies, where the Borneo campaign would be staged, in March 1945.
The horsemen closely resemble both the ' and ' from the lower inner panels of van Eyck's c. 1432 "Ghent Altarpiece".
On 6 February, Nimitz ordered him to rendezvous with the ANZAC Squadron in the Coral Sea to prevent Japanese advances that might interfere with the sea-lanes connecting Australia and the United States.
The Whigs adopted the cabin and cider as emblems, both of which were commonly seen (and, in the case of cider, drunk) at their rallies, and became symbolic of the party's connection with the grass roots.
Thus the wealth of certain religious orders grew out of all proportion to the economic growth of any other group at this time.
Other species of "Haemoproteus" also infect wood storks in Costa Rica, in addition to "Syncuaria mycteriae", a nematode found in the gizzard of the wood stork.
Although sexual education shortly after injury is known to be helpful and desired, it is frequently missing in rehabilitation settings; a common complaint from those who go through rehabilitation programs is that they offer insufficient information about sexuality.
For example, from age 18 to 22, Hill climbed with Mari Gingery every weekend, completing an ascent of "The Nose" and then the first female-only ascent of "The Shield" on El Capitan over a period of six days.
Taft's opinion, in which he held that a pipe manufacturers' association had violated the Sherman Antitrust Act, was described by Henry Pringle, his biographer, as having "definitely and specifically revived" that legislation.
News of Knut and his life at the zoo was still being reported internationally in late 2007.
Taking this measurement while nearing the target was an important procedure on the CSBS; its manual included several methods of determining the wind.
Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz took his 38 squadrons of cavalry and moved toward the Janus and Pölzen, small hills between Rossbach and Reichertswerben.
The Universal House of Justice, first elected in 1963, remains the successor and supreme governing body of the Bahá'í Faith, and its 9 members are elected every five years by the members of all National Spiritual Assemblies.
Augustus failed to stand for election as consul in 22 BC, and fears arose once again that he was being forced from power by the aristocratic Senate.
The two components of Gamma A orbit each other every 389.2 days, with an eccentric orbit that takes their separation between 2.3 and 1.4 astronomical units (AU).
Brigadier General Carl Andrew Spaatz was head of the division.
Egerton wanted to keep Grimaldi on the payroll but proposed loaning him to other theatres.
That same year, he sent troops and warships under Major General William H. Emory to New Orleans in the wake of the Colfax Massacre and disputes over the election of Governor William Pitt Kellogg.
Occasionally requested to deliver a public speech, Tyler spoke during the unveiling of a monument to Henry Clay.
The prosecution disputed the claim, saying that the leg could have belonged to any one of eight victims who had been buried without a left leg.
I think of little besides her."
Jolie and Pitt married on August 23, 2014, at their estate Château Miraval in Correns, France.
Heat energy, from gravitational collapse, impacts, tidal forces, or radioactive decay, also factors into whether an object will be ellipsoidal or not; Saturn's icy moon Mimas is ellipsoidal, but Neptune's larger moon Proteus, which is similarly composed but colder because of its greater distance from the Sun, is irregular.
The effect of the tax was to revert to the distribution tax in operation from 1949 to 1959: dividend payments were subject to higher tax than profits retained within the company.
It has a tall, sickle-shaped dorsal fin that ranges in height from and averages , about two-thirds of the way back from the tip of the rostrum.
The polygonal eastern tower has stepped buttresses at its corners and louvred belfry windows just below the parapet.
Four days later "Emerald" arrived at Cork with "Fanfaron" and "Luna".
She was informally commissioned for sea trials on 28 August 1894, which lasted until 24 September.
Seeing the smoke from Concord, the colonials believed the town was being burned, and attempted to cross the bridge to succor it.
Officials and investigators from a number of different state and federal agencies investigated the outbreak.
At George Calvert's knighting, it was claimed that his family originally came from Flanders (a Dutch-speaking area today across the English Channel in modern Belgium).
Season 2 forces both Ben and Brother Justin to find Scudder for their own purposes.
Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove were added to the national park in 1906.
Romeo, now considering Tybalt his kinsman, refuses to fight.
In fact, in 1093 his lands were restored without the need to perform feudal services.
The Japanese reaction was more violent than anticipated and some months passed before the Guadalcanal Campaign was brought to a successful conclusion.
MacArthur felt the commission was a nuisance, and their mission a quixotic attempt to impose self-government on a people unready for it.
In the Smithsonian Institution, the railroad was able to find a home for the historic locomotive, as well as a suitable new employer for a young civil engineer named J. Elfreth Watkins.
Henry Labouchère, a Member of Parliament from the Radical wing of the Liberal Party, was staunchly against homosexuality and had campaigned successfully to add the "gross indecency" amendment (known as the "Labouchère Amendment") to the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885.
The basement of North Island is the Wallabi Limestone, a dense calcretised, coral limestone platform that underlies the entire Wallabi Group.
Both sides' propaganda machines aimed to promote ultra-nationalist sentiments and denigrate the other side with no pretence of objectivity or self-criticism.
"S. makeli", mentioned informally by amateur paleontologists Stephen and Sylvia Czerkas in 1990 in a caption to an illustration, is an early name for "Einiosaurus".
Johnson came on, and Edrich lofted him for six to reach 96.
Storm tides were generally around 1 foot (0.3 m) above normal, though Wilmington reported a storm tide of 3.22 feet (1 m).
A contemporary document claims that William had 726 ships, but this may be an inflated figure.
Anderson ignored Quantrill's request to wait until after the war and a dispute erupted, which resulted in Anderson separating his men from Quantrill's band.
He is treated as a celebrity, and his cartoon characters decorate stamps, financial guides, and aeroplanes.
In his "Kublai Khan: His Life and Times", Rossabi explains that Kublai "created government institutions that either resembled or were the same as the traditional Chinese ones", and he "wished to signal to the Chinese that he intended to adopt the trappings and style of a Chinese ruler".
The vivid contrasts of darkness and light enhance the almost unnatural beauty and Gothic elegance of the model.
As Acclaim's first title for the Nintendo 64, "Turok" was part of a strategy to develop games internally and license merchandise; Acclaim acquired the rights to "Turok" when it purchased Valiant Comics in 1994, renaming it Acclaim Comics.
They would be sent to training camps in whichever country was hosting the ANO at the time (Syria, Iraq or Libya), then organized into small cells.
Some of the largest cities in the world were found in China during this period (Kaifeng and Hangzhou had populations of over a million).
The City Attorney also argued that admitting the sample into evidence did not violate Schmerber's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination because blood is not testimonial evidence under the Fifth Amendment.
Those parts of the Moon which the Sun illuminates look bright, those parts which it does not, remain dark.
The book, by Frederick H. Martens, suggests not only the level of Ornstein's fame at age twenty-four, but also his divisive effect on the cultural scene: Leo Ornstein to many represents an evil musical genius wandering without the utmost pale of tonal orthodoxy, in a weird No-Man's Land haunted with tortuous sound, with wails of futuristic despair, with cubist shrieks and post-impressionist cries and crashes.
Together with a subsequent abscess and staph infection, Killebrew endured three surgeries and nearly died.
The ship proved to be very manoeuvrable at medium and high speeds, but steered badly at low speeds and in wind due to her large surface area.
Douglas comments that Jardine held his place in the England side despite strong competition from other batsmen.
A "Father Clement Rocha" was the owner of a manuscript from the period now held in Edinburgh.
His publishing house, the Ten Bamboo Studio, produced reference works on calligraphy, poetry and art; medical textbooks; books on etymology and phonetics; and copies of as well as commentaries on the Confucian Classics.
Both Spain and Venezuela later began extensive modernization programs to extend the life of their vehicles and to bring their tanks up to more modern standards.
The pavilion's construction was aided by the French CATIA software program and internet conferencing.
The gun could fire shells at about ; about 4,600 could be fired before the barrel needed to be replaced.
Two "tricolore" flags were hoisted, and banners reading "No Corn Laws" and "Vote by Ballot" were waved.
It also recommended that it remain on static display, as it was doubtful that the "track, switches, culverts, trestles, bridges, wyes, turntables, and other facilities that would have to carry her [could] bear her great weight".
The realisation has since been extensively revised.
Schwartz went on to say, "he ranks near the bottom of any list of Justices."
Robert Keyes was admitted to the group in October 1604, and was charged with looking after Catesby's Lambeth house, where the gunpowder and other supplies were to be stored.
Shen Kuo wrote extensively on a wide range of different subjects.
Kansas scored 40 or more points eight times during the 2007 season and scored 50 points five times.
Although Clairmont was well-educated and well-travelled, most of Godwin's friends despised her, finding her vulgar and dishonest.
According to Bodman Rae, in his later works Lutosławski evolved a more mobile, simpler, harmonic style, in which less of the music is played with an "ad libitum" coordination.
Season 13 also marked the final appearance of long-time supporting character Gordon Stoltski, the third grade student who read the morning announcements for South Park Elementary.
The MCC had rebuked two county committees for covering their pitches prior to matches against the South Africans during a spell of wet weather.
They departed by post-coach for Rome on 25 June.
Where a great problem confronts a State it may be solved by the cooperation of the Commonwealth for the benefit of the States, and the benefit and advancement of the whole of Australia.
It also destroyed a small lake that was observed in Arenas crater several months before the eruption.
Calhoun argued that citizens from every state had the right to take their property to any territory.
De Vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on Dutch television on February 3.
When the Athenians ordered the two sides to stop fighting and submit the case to arbitration in Athens, the Samians refused.
The total cost of the works was £38,876, and no dividends were paid until 1853, as all profits were used to repay the loans which had been taken out.
Goodman argued against the motion: "Using the Scout ideals as our great objective", he said, a camp activity that will "further the advancement of those ideals" should not be suppressed.
Such flourishes were the standard signal for the commencement of performances at the Mantuan court; the opening chorus of Monteverdi's 1610 Vespers, also composed for Gonzaga's court, employs the same fanfare.
The press, which was liberalised following the downfall of Diệm, strongly attacked Thơ, accusing his government of being "tools" of the MRC.
The city also has a system of bike routes and paths and includes the nearly complete Washtenaw County Border-to-Border Trail.
The priest begged Catesby and his followers to stop their "wicked actions", and to listen to the pope's preachings.
The song is written in the key of B major.
The boat was unable to get close to the burning liner.
This suggests that the influence of maternal care on attachment security is not the same for all children.
She is the fifth of seven children; her mother was a dental hygienist and her father an aerospace engineer.
To encourage a greater acceptance of the new flag, the government issued all teaching establishments with one exemplar, whose symbols were to be explained to the students; textbooks were changed to intensively display these symbols.
It might be produced locally from carbonates or organic materials under the influence of the solar ultraviolet radiation or energetic charged particles coming from the magnetosphere of Uranus.
In the 2001 census of India, Bengalis represented almost 70 per cent of Tripura's population while the Tripuri population amounted to 30 per cent.
A few days after Noether's death her friends and associates at Bryn Mawr held a small memorial service at College President Park's house.
He explained chemical processes in the body in terms of addition and subtraction of simple molecules from a larger organic molecule, a concept that Bird followed in his own work.
Around 5 p.m., "Fitzgerald" joined a second freighter under the command of Captain Jesse B. "Bernie" Cooper, , destined for Gary, Indiana, out of Two Harbors, Minnesota.
Some product produced the next month reached nearly 7 percent enrichment.
The orientation of the ion tail inferred from the magnetic field measurements agreed with the source lying in Comet Hyakutake's orbital plane.
The regiment, attached to the 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division, was deployed along the coast, covering the division's left flank as it attacked Gaza from the south.
From the late 1980s on, there was increasing pressure on both the Polish and Soviet governments to release documents related to the massacre.
International custom and national law govern limited aspects of Church heraldry, but shield composition is now largely guided by expert advice.
Despite its strong sales, "Final Fantasy XIII" had been criticized on several fronts.
In May, he brainstormed the idea to construct a lighting system using Trabants by hanging them from the ceiling and hollowing them to carry spotlights.
Campbell believes that after the removal of the background detail "it looked sufficiently like a genre piece to hang in a well-known collection of Dutch seventeenth-century paintings".
The town held out for 18 days, and after it fell to William he built a castle to secure his control.
Over the next few days, Mexican soldiers established artillery batteries, initially about from the south and east walls of the Alamo.
In 1916, minting of double eagles ceased, as bullion prices were rising because of World War I, which also caused an influx of American gold coins from Europe.
Supervising producer/writer Elizabeth Sarnoff stated that "Michael's goal—the whole season—is to die and he gets an opportunity to redeem himself when [Tom] finds him."
The concert had been organised to support the writer Roberto Saviano in his stand against the Camorra, a criminal organisation active in the Campania region.
Nicholas takes him to the castle's torture chamber.
The Capitol Pediment, located above the main front entrance to the building, is entitled "The Rise and Progress of Michigan."
"Princess Alice" departed her new homeport of Bremen on 22 March 1904 for her maiden voyage under her new owners.
In response to 9/11 conspiracy theories surrounding its original news story suggesting hijackers were still alive, the BBC stated in 2006 that later reports on the hijackers superseded the original story.
Late in 1942, more "Volksdeutsche" from the Banat and Romania were combined with the SS Cavalry Brigade to form the "SS-Kavallerie-Division".
The extratropical remnant was later absorbed by a larger weather system.
In her will she left property worth between 1,000 and 50,000 francs to the daughter of some acquaintances.
In her piece for "Salon", Janet Turley said that the women "become reflections of the men", given that the "True Detective" universe is seen through the eyes of the show's male leads.
Unveiled in 2000, it is in a park east of the city's centre, near the Racławice Panorama building.
In August 1944 Salomon Smolianoff, a convicted forger, was added to the production team at Sachsenhausen to aid the counterfeiting of US dollars, although he also assisted in quality control for the pound notes.
Heliade progressively distanced himself from the more radical groups, especially after discussions began on the issue of land reform and the disestablishment of the boyar class.
He decided that "all" the Allies were facing northwest and that the forest was readily passable.
The colloquial name "Spam Can" arose from their utilitarian appearance, enhanced by the flat, boxy air-smoothed casing, and the resemblance of this to the distinctive tin cans in which SPAM was sold.
A peak in the Rockies, Mount Macdonald (c. 1887) at Rogers Pass, is named for him.
However, Robert Hugill, reviewing the 2006 English National Opera revival, found that the sometimes tedious "endless arpeggios" are often followed by gripping music which immediately re-engages the listener's interest.
The torpedoes also moved like guided missiles rather than cannonballs.
A set of fourteen redesigned Major Arcana tarot cards, based on the Rider-Waite deck, were commissioned by the singer for the album's artwork.
In developing the Budd-Michelin railcar, the Budd Company used the formed steel technology in which they were industry pioneers and solved the most difficult problem in using stainless steel for railcar construction: developing a welding technique that would not compromise the strength and corrosion resistance of the stainless steel.
"Laika", a 2007 graphic novel by Nick Abadzis giving a fictionalized account of Laika's life, won the Eisner Award as "Best Publication for Teens".
The series takes place in an alternate version of Napoleonic Wars, in which the various nations fight with air forces made up of manned dragons.
A number of drawings have been associated with him, but only one, a c. 1450 brush and ink on paper entitled "Virgin and Child" and now in the Musee du Louvre, is attributed with confidence.
Willkie stated that if he did badly in Wisconsin, he would end his campaign.
Various size estimates exist for megalodon; in 1973, Hawaiian ichthyologist John E. Randall estimated that the maximum length attained by "C. megalodon" was about , while in the 1990s, marine biologists Patrick J. Schembri and Stephen Papson opined that "C. megalodon" may have approached a maximum of around in total length; however, Gottfried and colleagues asserted that "C. megalodon" could have reached a maximum of in total length.
Oceanic and atmospheric gyres were able to strengthen in the subtropical Atlantic, allowing southward advection of cold air and water.
It was probably installed during the 16th century as an alternative to beheading by axe or sword.
As early as October 1974, Zanuck, Brown, and Benchley hit the television and radio talk show circuit to promote the paperback edition of the novel and the forthcoming film.
Enzyme kinetics is the investigation of how enzymes bind substrates and turn them into products.
Eisenhower made defeating the amendment a high priority.
The unit was attached to an American bomber group, and assigned to cover it during attacks on northern Italian cities.
Information about the company, developed by Valve for creating the setting of the game, is revealed during the game and via the real-world promotional website.
The back fur colour varies from light grey to chocolate brown.
Erie is well connected to the Interstate Highway System.
She said that Norton "was a gentle and kindly man, and fortunately found himself in the friendliest and most sentimental city in the world, the idea being 'let him be emperor if he wants to.'
More successful was William Harrison Ainsworth's third novel, entitled "Jack Sheppard", which was originally published in "Bentley's Miscellany" from January 1839 with illustrations by George Cruikshank, overlapping with the final episodes of Charles Dickens' "Oliver Twist".
Her problem-plagued voyage continued on 13 February when her rudder was damaged during heavy storms, resulting in a total loss of steering control with the rudder smashing into the hull at random.
In the late 1850s, the Dickinsons befriended Samuel Bowles, the owner and editor-in-chief of the "Springfield Republican", and his wife, Mary.
The region is dotted with granite outcrops, where the subspecies is a component of "Babingtonia odontocalyx'Brachyloma saxicola" shrubland and "Prostanthera staurophylla'Kunzea bracteolata" low shrubland in the Torrington area, and "Allocasuarina brachystachya" shrubland in the Severn River Reserve.
That evening, she confided the affair to her landlady.
Most of the damage worldwide is caused by a relatively small number of species, chiefly rats and mice.
One of the sailors was listed in the ballot to receive a Victoria Cross, but he did not receive the award.
Meanwhile, 6% of the residents in Seattle call themselves agnostics, while 10% call themselves atheists.
Boston's comeback victories helped them become the first team in MLB history to win a best-of-seven series in which they trailed three-games-to-none.
Her recording of "Blues in the Night" features in a scene of James Michener's novel "The Drifters" (1971), while a Marine Corps Sergeant Major in Walter Murphy's "The Vicar of Christ" (1979) hears a radio broadcast of her singing "On Top of Old Smoky" shortly before a battle in Korea.
The highest point at almost is Mount Cameroon in the Southwest Region of the country, and the largest cities in population-terms are Douala on the Wouri river, its economic capital and main seaport, Yaoundé, its political capital, and Garoua.
They lived with the Dowager Empress, at first at the Amalienborg Palace and then at the royal estate of Hvidøre, where Olga acted as her mother's secretary and companion.
He maintained that he had killed Lowe after the latter made homosexual advances that caused him to "freak out"; he had previously fended off homosexual attacks twice while imprisoned: in Israel in 1978, and in England in 1994.
"A. subrubescens" mushrooms are mildly toxic: consumption causes a gastrointestinal illness that usually subsides one to four hours after ingestion.
Favret points out that Wollstonecraft's "Letters Written in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark" is quite different from the despondent and plaintive love letters she actually sent to Imlay; the travel narrative much more closely resembles the personal journal in which she recorded her thoughts regarding the people she encountered and the places she visited.
Church teaching of the Commandments is largely based on the Old and New Testaments and the writings of the early Church Fathers.
Moosally's testimony was widely reported in the media.
The material is now in the United States National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., and in the museum of the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul.
Throughout July 1676, Church's band captured hundreds of Native American warriors, often without much of a fight, though Philip eluded him.
Romney was forced to back down on Warren and release federal monies to them unconditionally.
The group's third US tour opened with a performance before a world-record crowd of 55,600 at New York's Shea Stadium on 15 August 1965 – "perhaps the most famous of all Beatles' concerts", in Lewisohn's description.
Despite being nearer to Group D, the engaged units radioed their immediate commanders back in Group C, who were by now some distance away, further inland.
This flavor transformation mechanism causes the radioactive process of beta decay, in which a neutron () "splits" into a proton (), an electron () and an electron antineutrino () (see picture).
Young birds vary in the shade of brown, with darker birds presumably males.
In the aftermath of World War II, Vandenberg's world view changed significantly.
Although property and inheritance laws based on the French code do not discriminate against women, local leaders adjudicate most inheritance cases in favour of men, according to traditional practice.
If the supply of food is low, parental investment in the brood is kept to a minimum as little energy is wasted on feeding a chick that is unlikely to survive.
He was rebutted by Iowa Congressman John A. Kasson, chairman of the House Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, who stated that the bronze alloy did not resemble brass, and he could not support the proposition that the government is bound to purchase from a supplier because he has spent money in anticipation of sales.
In early 1924, the Teapot Dome scandal broke, and although Coolidge had no involvement in the affair, some of the implicated cabinet officers, including Attorney General Harry Daugherty, remained in office, backed by the Old Guard.
He also said it was possible Clinton was not "technically sophisticated" enough to understand what the three classified markings meant.
His final home match in charge was a 5–0 win over Burnley where his entrance was met to a standing ovation by supporters.
Many critics praised the many subtle differences between the two universes, while others lauded Leonard Nimoy's appearance as William Bell and his scenes with Walter.
Such monopolies and the private firms' refusal to extend their services into sparsely populated and unprofitable rural areas aroused demand for provincial entry into the market, which was effected in 1907.
Hundreds of Fox's letters—mostly intended for wide circulation, along with a few private communications—were also published.
The collapsibles were stored upside down with the sides folded in, and would have to be erected and moved to the davits for launching.
They would displace 11,800 long tons (12,000 tonnes), have a speed of 19 knots (22 mph; 35 km/h), and be protected by belt armor of 9 inches (23 cm) and deck armor of 1.5 in (3.8 cm).
The northern pintail is a bird of open wetlands which nests on the ground, often some distance from water.
During his lifetime, Thomas was praised for his learning, his encouragement of education in his diocese, and his generosity.
The National Park Service portions of the expanded Monument were designated as Craters of the Moon National Preserve in August 2002.
Kevin Spacey was approached for the role of Lex Luthor, while Christopher Walken was Burton's choice for Brainiac, a role also considered for Jim Carrey and Gary Oldman.
According to critic Edmund Wilson, Sherman: During the election of 1876, Southern Democrats who supported Wade Hampton for governor used mob violence to attack and intimidate African American voters in Charleston, South Carolina.
He concluded that Sirius was receding from the Solar System at about 40 km/s.
Deep convection increased near the centre on September 24, and the system quickly developed banding features and distinct outflow.
He was elected a full Royal Academician in 1828, ahead of John Constable.
Contributions to Bryan's campaign were much smaller; he had few wealthy supporters and the largest donor was most likely Hearst; he donated about $40,000, and gave the Bryan campaign support in his papers.
While on death row, the women appealed to the Privy Council in London and pleaded for clemency from the President of Singapore to no avail.
Depleted uranium (U) is used in kinetic energy penetrators and armor plating.
Rutherford kept for himself the positions of Provincial Treasurer and Minister of Education.
Enzymes that help such reactions are called proteases.
In an effort to push back, Reesing threw a pass deep downfield.
A live production of "Blue's Clues", which used many of the production innovations developed by the show's creators, toured the U.S. starting in 1999.
For about 36 hours, Nabi maintained its peak winds, during which it crossed into the area of responsibility of PAGASA; the Philippine-based agency gave it the local name "Jolina", although the storm remained away from the country.
The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company.
He later overran the other traditional kingdoms of Tamil country, the Pandyas, Cholas and Keralas in addition to subduing a Kalabhra ruler.
Fergus must therefore, according to the theory, have had two wives, one of whom was a bastard daughter of Henry I; that is, Uhtred and his descendants were related to the English royal family, while Gille-Brighde and his descendants were not.
The Council ruled that "no ceremony shall be accorded this flag which shall not be dipped in salute to warships or merchant ships of any nationality".
It was a financial failure, and is now remembered mainly for having published "Cool Air", a story by Lovecraft.
Similarities between the Isthmian script and Early Maya script of the Pacific coast suggest that the two systems developed in tandem.
The match ended in a goalless draw.
The time paused varies, although smaller species tend to be more active and pause for shorter times.
This was one of the least welcoming of all the overnight stops.
After winning their next two games, Florida State lost to NC State, Clemson, and 19th-ranked Florida, the first time they had three consecutive losses since 1983.
The coat is typically tawny like that of the lion, which is why it was initially called the "mountain lion", but it otherwise ranges to silvery-grey or reddish, with lighter patches on the underbody, including the jaws, chin, and throat.
Complaints from powerful barons such as William Marshal's son Richard grew, and they argued that Henry was failing to protect their legal rights as described in the 1225 charters.
After eliminating an Austrian army during the Ulm Campaign, French forces seized Vienna in November 1805.
The soundtrack also won the "Best Design in Audio" award from "Edge".
The initial proposal to relocate the dead was distasteful to Johnston, yet the ensuing debate caused him to want to defend the memory of Robert E. Lee; the need to stay quiet for the sake of the Democratic Party, however, proved decisive.
The largest lignotubers found had a diameter of 40 cm (16 in).
In an effort to attract passengers, Mellon decided to offer recreational grounds along the route.
Painful periods are common because of the obstruction to the menstrual flow, and blood can stagnate in the vagina and uterus.
Gil can then be exchanged amongst players for goods through the Auction House, or be used to purchase items and rewards from NPCs.
The trio formed the basis of the band Mustaine was eager to start, and while Handevidt would only last a few months, Mustaine and Ellefson formed a tight musical bond.
This use of the old flag is almost completely overshadowed by its prevalent use by the far right; since the swastika is illegal in Germany, the far right have been forced to forego any Nazi flags and instead use the old tricolour, which the Nazis themselves banned in 1935.
Chavez praised Del Rey's translation for retaining the manga's original identity; the header, bumper artwork, character biographies, and front covers are all but identical to the Japanese.
Anthony Kennedy was eventually confirmed in his place.
He wrote extensively, particularly for "The Observer" newspaper and "The Spectator", a conservative magazine.
The Corse was developed directly from the MC12 GT1, which won the 2005 FIA GT Manufacturers Cup.
Knauf's experiences of growing up with a disabled father who was not commonly accepted as a normal human strongly informed the story and its treatment of freaks.
Watershed councils such as the Fans of Fanno Creek and government agencies have worked to limit pollution and to restore native vegetation in riparian zones.
The eggs are incubated for 12–15 days, mainly by the female.
From its new base at RAF Waddington, Lincolnshire, Balmer then took No. 467 Squadron through the Battle of Berlin that commenced in November 1943 and continued until March 1944.
Among Schwartz's favorite musical moments from the show was Joseph Arthur's "Honey and the Moon", which Schwartz claimed helped him write the pilot.
Scott Bukatman reviewed "Star Trek - The Motion Picture" in "Ares Magazine" #1.
In Cantão State Park, otters dig their reproductive dens on the shores of oxbow lakes starting around July, when waters are already quite low.
The album was characterized by prominent use of heavy metal guitar riffs and hints of psychedelic rock.
The first trip over the whole line was in May 1862 with William Gladstone among the guests.
The press lord was amenable, and work began in the summer of 1953.
He manipulates a colleague into running against the mayor to split the black vote, secures a capable campaign manager and starts making headlines for himself.
It passed segregationist Jim Crow laws and in 1902 rewrote the Constitution of Virginia to include a poll tax and other voter registration measures that effectively disfranchised most African Americans and many poor European Americans.
Oxbow's pedigree is outcrossed for four generations, with very little inbreeding.
The belief that the bird was simply an albino was held by several later writers, and many failed to notice that White cited Lord Howe Island as the origin of the Vienna specimen.
This is known as the sidereal month.
It has therefore been suggested that plant serpins may function to inhibit proteases from insects or microbes that would otherwise digest grain storage proteins.
Since this era, the Islamic faith became closely identified with Malay society and played a significant role in defining the Malay identity.
Gens provided funds to another resistance group, the "Struggle Group" established by Boris 'Borka' Fridman.
Cosh returned to Kansas State, where he had coached before Maryland, to assume defensive play-calling duties under recently re-hired head coach Bill Snyder.
When production was finished, he said that he loved the episode and called it one of his favorites.
In 2012 it was restored to its original use a church having been bought by the Church of Christ – Iglesia ni Cristo.
On "Trash", Johansen undercut his vaguely pansexual beliefs with the possibility of going to "fairyland" if he took a "lover's leap" with the song's subject.
The upper molars have two longitudinal rows of cusps, not three as in the black and brown rats.
Fanny grew up in the household of anarchist political philosopher William Godwin, the widower of her mother, with his second wife and their combined family of five children.
Ball's is the only British grave from the First World War in this extension, the rest being German.
Six days after this process began, Airbus announced delays to the A380 with significant effects on the value of Airbus shares.
Alexandra retained a youthful appearance into her senior years, but during the war her age caught up with her.
English historians often use the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 to mark the end of the period.
John Gillingham, author of a major biography of Richard I, follows this line too, although he considers John a less effective general than do Turner or Warren, and describes him "one of the worst kings ever to rule England".
The larger light gray area is the penumbra, in which a partial eclipse can be seen.
The weight ratio of iron to silicon ranges between 1.05 and 1.27 in Ganymede, whereas the solar ratio is around 1.8.
The results showed no genetic differences between "G. marginata" and "G. autumnalis", "G. oregonensis", "G. unicolor", and "G. venenata", thus reducing all these names to synonymy.
The various editions of that work spanned nearly his entire career as a reformer, and the successive revisions of the book show that his theology changed very little from his youth to his death.
He became deeply involved in supporting George Mueller's effort to impose the idea of "all up" testing of the Saturn V rocket on the unwilling engineers at Marshall.
Rall launched a lawsuit seeking damages of $1.5 million for libel, breach of privacy, and causing emotional distress.
Keith and Prince Francis were dead.
The first scale of severity was described by Hunt and Hess in 1968: The Fisher Grade classifies the appearance of subarachnoid hemorrhage on CT scan.
He would make small adjustments to the positions of his fielders or bowl from different sides of the wicket, often making gestures or facial expressions as he did so.
Denis Smith, who had played on loan from Stoke City the previous season, was appointed player-manager in May 1982, with Viv Busby as his assistant player-coach.
Books about Chaplin continue to be published regularly, and he is a popular subject for media scholars and film archivists.
Lin'an would remain the capital of the Southern Song for the next 150 years, growing into a major commercial and cultural center.
Bacon had already used similar forms in his Chicago panel, and they were to become a feature of his most acclaimed 1950s works, especially in his "screaming popes".
At the time, the use of such robust force against Katanga, including aircraft, artillery, and armoured vehicles, aroused much controversy.
It was constructed by a mostly German workforce recruited from major engineering and mining concerns, augmented by prisoner-of-war slave labour.
"Kaiser Friedrich III" and the rest of the squadron returned to Kiel, arriving two days later.
They were built to serve residential and industrial developments around Park Royal and, like East Acton, the station buildings were basic structures with simple timber shelters on the platforms.
U2 regained critical and commercial favour with the records "All That You Can't Leave Behind" (2000) and "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb" (2004), which established a more conventional, mainstream sound for the group.
Macleod states that Heinlein's books are consistently liberal, but cover a spectrum from democratic to elitist forms of liberalism, "Starship Troopers" being on the latter end of the spectrum.
Nash served as an officer under Moore during the maneuvers that led up to the Battle of Moore's Creek Bridge in February 1776 but, like Moore, did not participate in the battle, arriving after its conclusion.
He became an early advocate for sustainable forest management practices, was a member of the New Hampshire Forestry Commission from 1909 until 1952, and served on the boards of several forestry organizations.
A total of 393 of the 747-200 versions had been built when production ended in 1991.
Her children would not be allowed to go with her.
She was not completed, however, until July 1901, at the cost of 10,540,000 rubles.
JW 58 reached its destination at Kola Bay on 6 April.
The final scene was spoofed on the "Family Guy" episode "Fifteen Minutes of Shame" when a cutaway shows Brian Griffin saying to the rest of the family, "I have an announcement.
Gardella demanded $100,000 in damages from the suspension, and claimed that the award should be tripled because baseball was subject to federal antitrust laws.
The Kellers organize Archie's friends, and Jughead Jones is used as bait to lure the Predator, but the trap fails and the Predator kills most of the ambush party.
In the Caribbean, the main nesting beaches are in the Lesser Antilles, Barbados, Guadeloupe, Tortuguero in Costa Rica, and in the Yucatan.
The killing of microbes is a critical function of phagocytes that is performed either within the phagocyte (intracellular killing) or outside of the phagocyte (extracellular killing).
Later in 2010, Konami announced a full "Metal Gear" title for release on the 3DS, which was revealed at Nintendo World 2011 to be "Metal Gear Solid: Snake Eater 3D".
The most sophisticated candle clocks of their time were those of Al-Jazari in 1206.
Albini met the band that evening, and they discussed how the next record should sound and be recorded.
Apollo 8 made a second television broadcast at 55 hours into the flight.
On the night of April 18, Gage sent out a detachment of soldiers on the fateful mission that sparked the American Revolutionary War.
By the year 1991, most of the classical problems of enumerative geometry had been solved and interest in enumerative geometry had begun to diminish.
Allison approximately $8.5 billion in damage (2001 USD), making it the costliest tropical cyclone that was never a major hurricane on record in the Atlantic basin.
The New Madrid tremors were the most powerful earthquakes to hit the contiguous United States.
Two years later, in 1960, Burris Cunningham and James Wallman of the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory of the University of California created the first californium compounds—californium trichloride, californium oxychloride, and californium oxide—by treating californium with steam and hydrochloric acid.
Since the Romans are unlikely to have preferred to employ slaves over poor citizens in their armies, it must be assumed that, at this point, the "proletarii" of the poorest citizens must also have been pressed into service despite their lack of legal qualification.
Yet its failure, if we choose to consider it that, is more the result of deliberate disinclination than any inability of means."
Over the same week, the Allies conducted Operation Ratweek throughout the Balkans, which involved Allied air power pounding Axis troop concentrations and key infrastructure in order to impede the German withdrawal from Greece.
In its appropriation of the accomplishments of European science, the Alsos Mission played a small part in the wartime and subsequent scientific and technological developments that characterized and transformed the postwar world.
In 2005, "In Utero" was ranked number 358 in "Rock Hard" magazine's book of "The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time".
On 18 May, "Schwaben" departed Wilhelmshaven and passed through the Skagerrak to the Baltic Sea, arriving in Kiel on 22 May.
90377 Sedna is a large minor planet in the outer reaches of the Solar System that was, , at a distance of about 86 astronomical units (AU) from the Sun, about three times as far as Neptune.
Other animals "Deinonychus" shared its world with include herbivorous dinosaurs such as the armored "Sauropelta" and the ornithopods "Zephyrosaurus" and "Tenontosaurus".
This model, known as the nebular hypothesis and now refined as the Nice model (2005), was first developed in the 18th century by Emanuel Swedenborg, Immanuel Kant, and Pierre-Simon Laplace.
Bacon's popularity and usage was increasing, but Perry believed that a paucity of recipes would make writing the book difficult.
A train, painted yellow, was also able to carry 108 passengers, but had two extra driver's cabs in the centre, allowing it to be split into two separate trains, each capable of carrying 54 passengers.
Leopold, unpromoted from his rank of vice-Kapellmeister, remained with the court until his death in 1787.
The kakapo was reportedly still present near the head of the Whanganui River as late as 1894, with one of the last records of a kakapo in the North Island being a single bird caught in the Kaimanawa Ranges by Te Kepa Puawheawhe in 1895.
By listening at the door of the room where Adolphe conducted his classes, Georges learned to sing difficult songs accurately from memory and developed an ability to identify and analyse complex chordal structures.
A civic funeral was conducted; he was interred in the Novodevichy Cemetery, Moscow.
In 1847 Liszt met Princess Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, the estranged wife of a German prince who lived in Russia.
They were assigned to work in military offices which planned the shipment of troops around the world.
Obama expressed support for Israel's right to defend itself during the 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict.
The fulvous whistling duck forms a superspecies with the wandering whistling duck.
It participated in routine training exercises in Southeast Asia, which included making regular deployments to Paya Lebar Air Base in Singapore to train with the Republic of Singapore Air Force.
BASL signers further tend to favor lowered variants of side-of-forehead signs resulting in contact at the cheek.
It is seasonal in temperate climates, with peak transmission occurring in summer and autumn.
On August 13, 2015, as part of a five-year programming and development deal, Sesame Workshop announced that first-run episodes of "Sesame Street" would move to premium television service HBO beginning with season 46, which premiered on January 16, 2016.
It dives from the water, at depths of no more than .
In modern Syria, Zenobia is regarded as a hero; her image appeared on banknotes, and in 1997 she was the subject of the television series Al-Ababeed ("The Anarchy").
The Navy named a supply ship, , for him in 2006.
The Parliament can call other institutions to answer questions and if necessary to take them to court if they break EU law or treaties.
Further conflicts erupted at Bagamoyo, where 150 natives were killed by German military forces, and at Ketwa, where German officials and their servants were murdered.
He studied under Dame Prentiss and William Bigelow before enrolling in what was called the "Port School", a select private academy in the Cambridgeport settlement.
On 21 June the next year, Richard's grandfather Edward III also died, and the 10-year-old Richard succeeded to the throne.
A piece called "Prologue" (and sometimes "Final Fantasy"), originally featured in the first game, is often played during the ending credits.
The Britten scholar Donald Mitchell has written, "It is easy, because of the scope, stature, and sheer volume of the operas, and the wealth of vocal music of all kinds, to pay insufficient attention to the many works Britten wrote in other, specifically non-vocal genres."
These were the first new designs in 31 years for the high values and 46 years for the low values.
John's judicial reforms had a lasting impact on the English common law system, as well as providing an additional source of revenue.
Surrounding the prince was a fashionable clique known as the Marlborough House set, named after the prince's home overlooking The Mall, London.
He made use of a lethal delivery which he called the "angler", a product of his experience as a baseball pitcher, to confuse the English batsmen.
However, beginning with the LDDC, in the 1980s, there have been a number of urban regeneration projects, most notably Canary Wharf, a huge commercial and housing development on the Isle of Dogs.
She had earlier been responsible for the imprisonment and execution of James's mother, Mary, Queen of Scots.
Veteran dog breeders of the times were the primary critics of the novel, chastising Terhune's depiction of an unrealistically perfect collie that would mislead the public into believing such a dog could exist.
By March 1970 the local party discussed replacing Davies as their candidate at the next general election, citing his age rather than policy disagreements.
To him, the intricate management of the nigger tambourine is confined, and from it he produces marvelous harmonies .
Part of the City of Burnside, Waterfall Gully is bounded to the north by the suburb of Burnside, from the north-east to south-east by Cleland Conservation Park (part of the suburb of Cleland), to the south by Crafers West, and to the west by Leawood Gardens and Mount Osmond.
The rehabilitation project, with an estimated cost of $1.2–1.5 billion, is being done in phases and spread out over ten contracts, the first of which began in 2012, and the last, for final painting of the steel structure, planned for completion in 2020.
Edward Littleton MP, a passenger in the Duke's carriage, reached out to Esterházy and hauled him into the carriage to safety.
Love was sad to see Gordon depart from the series, finding the "outstanding" Brown to be "so intense and committed" to the role.
16 more park personnel were assigned the role of liaisons with the media where fire fighting manpower was concentrated.
Lieutenant John Winne of "Rattler" was especially commended for this hazardous work.
The letter, full of affection and messages for his friends, revealed nothing of his location or circumstances.
Nevertheless, Smith returned a report to the Secretary of the Treasury asking for $500,000 to do the job.
Gas Powered Games was founded in May 1998 by Chris Taylor, then known for the 1997 real-time strategy game "Total Annihilation".
When Borah staked out progressive positions after his swearing-in, Rhode Island Senator Nelson Aldrich, the powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, hoped to put pressure on him through the Westerner's corporate clients, only to find that he had given up those representations before coming to Washington.
A tetrachord, heard before we see either lead, is played during the instrumental introduction to ""Dites-Moi" ", the show's first song.
The fruit bodies can reach heights of tall with caps that are up to wide.
Cage, Tomko, and Styles were once united under the Christian's Coalition banner, until Styles and Tomko aligned with Angle and formed The Angle Alliance in late 2007.
Soon after the session began, Chandler asked Hendrix to turn his guitar amplifier down, and an argument ensued.
According to "Cincinnati Magazine", the "scandal launched rumors and confusion" and "the revolving door of school administrators" took a toll on faculty and student morale.
This, and the extent of the developments, makes Doerachman realise that hoarding his wealth for himself does not make him as happy as using it for charity.
At the beginning of the third stanza he employs the dramatic Ubi sunt device associated with a sense of melancholy, and questions the personified subject: "Where are the songs of Spring?"
The smooth toadfish has a small mouth with thin lips at its apex and a tiny chin.
Khrushchev returned from the U.S. convinced that he had achieved a strong personal relationship with Eisenhower (who in fact was unimpressed by the Soviet leader) and that he could achieve détente with the Americans.
Stoddart's team got away to a good start when they won the First Test in Sydney by nine wickets, K. S. Ranjitsinhji scoring 175 runs.
At the end of the year, Feynman was invited to give a lecture on his teaching experiences, and he agreed to do so, provided he could speak frankly, which he did.
Individual and squadron training followed, with an emphasis on gunnery drills.
The subfamily Indricotheriinae, to which "Paraceratherium" belongs, was first classified as part of the family Hyracodontidae by Leonard B. Radinsky in 1966.
He was capable of batting well in a crisis but may have been prevented from honing his batting skills by the Yorkshire leadership who wished him to focus on bowling.
The region averages fewer than 150frost-free days per year, and the local climate swings wildly from years of plentiful rainfall to prolonged drought.
As a result of the battle, Allied morale was boosted and Milne Bay was developed into a major Allied base, which was used to mount subsequent operations in the region.
Truman's niece Shirley stated, "He used to say that's my mountain and my lake and he would say those are my arms and my legs.
The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) states that Chopin "must be ranked first among the first musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."
The upper bound to the number of barn owl pairs is set by food or nesting sites.
Following this feud, Lane and Eaton began having issues with a young new team in the NWA known as "the Dynamic Dudes" (Shane Douglas and Johnny Ace).
The defeat at Myriokephalon has often been depicted as a catastrophe in which the entire Byzantine army was destroyed.
Fayetteville High School, in Fayetteville, North Carolina, was renamed Terry Sanford High School in his honor in 1968.
The Leopold Report, officially known as Wildlife Management in the National Parks, is a 1963 paper composed of a series of ecosystem management recommendations that were presented by the Special Advisory Board on Wildlife Management to United States Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall.
In a meeting at the Crown and Castle pub, Bowen pressed Watt for permission to form a group to study the possibility of placing a radar on the aircraft itself.
Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in "Lookin' to Get Out" (1982).
Tozzoli had a general idea of what should be in the trade center, but had not yet devised the specific details of the design.
Musial also gave free meals at the restaurant he owned in St. Louis to any customers who presented valid ID proving they were Donora residents.
Coward disliked propaganda in plays; "The theatre is a wonderful place, a house of strange enchantment, a temple of illusion.
John H. Evans characterised the site as "the most impressive" of the Medway Megaliths, while Grinsell described it as "the finest and most complete" of the group.
Shelley scholar Anne K. Mellor suggests that, from a feminist viewpoint, it is a story "about what happens when a man tries to have a baby without a woman ... ["Frankenstein"] is profoundly concerned with natural as opposed to unnatural modes of production and reproduction".
There, they also meet Al-Cid Margrace, a member of the Rozarrian Empire ruling family, who is seeking to avert a war between Rozarria and Archadia and is in talks with Larsa.
A recording of Opeth's live performance at the Camden Roundhouse, in London, on November 9, 2006, was released as the double live album "The Roundhouse Tapes", which topped the Finnish DVD chart.
He also repaired a large part of Beverley Minster in the diocese of York, adding a presbytery and an unusually splendid painted ceiling covering "all the upper part of the church from the choir to the tower...intermingled with gold in various ways, and in a wonderful fashion".
Measurements can be made on eggs, feathers or internal organs and beached bird surveys, accompanied by chemical analysis of feathers, can be effective indicators of marine pollution by lipophilic substances as well as metals.
There are several versions of the published libretto; the list of roles is taken from the publication by Gherardo & Iseppo Imberti, Venice 1622.
On the other hand, community members, parents, teachers, and professors expressed their support and condemned Zuniga's suspension.
The summer cruise went to Norway, including stops in Molde from 20 to 26 July and Bergen from 27 July to 2 August.
It became the highest-grossing Bollywood film of 1975, and film ranking website Box Office India has given the film a verdict of "All Time Blockbuster".
The company announced that they were holding a 10-man "torneo cibernetico" on June 6, 2017 in Guadalajara, Jalisco to determine the next champion.
It was her second album to be released on British record label Deconstruction and became a success in her native Australia, peaking at number four on the ARIA Albums Chart.
In mid-June, the commander of the 2nd Company of the 7th Battalion at Bileća wrote to Adriatic Command complaining about the activities of the Ustaše, referring to them as "armed scum and animals" who were dishonouring "honest Croats".
By then contact between the central government and Katanga had broken down and ONUC intelligence reports indicated that the latter was rebuilding its forces.
Initially created by Victor Miller, Jason's final design was a combined effort by Miller, Ron Kurz, and Tom Savini.
In one such sequence, Sideshow Bob continually steps on rakes, the handles of which then hit him in the face; this scene has been cited as one of the show's most memorable moments.
A crew of 12 people stayed in a hurricane-proof bunker on Johnston Atoll during the hurricane's passage; the crew estimated winds reached over , which damaged trees on the island but did not impact the island's bird population.
The game's ending changes depending on whether the player has a radio beacon to call for extraction, and when the nuclear device is set to explode.
The flooding closed many roads, and caused rivers to crest past their banks, though damage in the area was relatively minor.
A predecessor of the Great Lakes Circle Tours years later, the route followed "... a circular journey along the banks of lakes Michigan and Superior and Green Bay ..." This route followed the modern US 41 from the M-28 junction in Harvey to Copper Harbor.
In financial difficulty, the loss of the playoff spot was disastrous for Montreal, which ceased operations one year later.
The O-Bahn busway provides specially built track, combining elements of both bus and rail systems.
Similarly, Sam Lansky of MTV Buzzworthy found it sensual and confident, and observed that Rihanna counts when she sings the song's chorus.
The Tharawal people believed that the animal helped row the boat that brought them to the continent.
He was assigned to the command of Charles Scott, who would eventually serve as Kentucky's fourth governor.
During the lull both sides made changes to their dispositions.
Compared to "Archaeopteryx", "Xiaotingia" was found to be more closely related to extant birds, while both "Anchiornis" and "Aurornis" were found to be more distantly so.
Equity Library Theatre produced it in New York in 1970; it returned to that city, though not to Broadway, in 2002 with the York Theatre.
When Ferdinand VII assumed the throne of Spain in 1813, Valero became critical of the new king's policies towards the Spanish colonies in Latin America.
The great importance of ADS to astronomers has been recognized by the United Nations, the General Assembly of which has commended ADS on its work and success, particularly noting its importance to astronomers in the developing world, in reports of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
Lennon was not only surprised by the positive reception, but that the book was reviewed at all, and suggested that readers "took the book more seriously than I did myself.
Congressman James A. Gallivan (D-MA), an anti-prohibition leader, publicly demanded to know why the ship had not been seized for violating U.S. laws.
Structure 6 is a stepped rectangular platform forming the middle of the alignment on Terrace 3.
The director Steve Miner felt it was the obvious direction to take the series, as he felt the audience wanted to know more about the child who attacked Alice in the lake.
These and adjacent valleys follow the general trend of Basin and Range topography with one modification: there are parallel strike-slip faults that perpendicularly bound the central extent of Death Valley.
They voted it eleventh in the youth radio network Triple J's Hottest 100 Of All Time on 11 July 2009.
Students attended lectures for three years and spent the fourth year in private study of Paulus' "Responsa"; they had the option to stay for a fifth year to study imperial constitutions.
Later the collection was broken up and many of the paintings were sent to the various regiments depicted.
Team B was made up by Ruhrstahl, Rheinstahl-HANOMAG and Henschel.
Population density ranges from 100 individuals per in dry forests to 250–600 individuals per km in gallery and secondary forests.
The park sustained heavy damage when the remnants of Hurricane Agnes dropped of rain on the area in 24 hours in June 1972.
The head stands high and measures wide by deep; it weighs 20 tons.
Among his later works, following in his traditional sketches about his life and people he has met, were "Hurry-Graphs" (1851), "Out-Doors at Idlewild" (1854), and "Ragbag" (1855).
This idea was developed, with the design of Wolfcastle, himself also a caricature of Schwarzenegger, being given more wrinkles under his eyes and a different hairstyle.
Originally, the statue was a dull copper color, but shortly after 1900 a green patina, also called verdigris, caused by the oxidation of the copper skin, began to spread.
Madonna published a diary of the film shoot in "Vanity Fair".
In 1959, Texas Tech University Board of Directors member Harold Hinn planned and provided the funding to cover the Science Quadrangle and Administration Building with 5,000 lights.
He also served two terms as President of the League of Nations.
The first theatre, known as "Theatre Royal, Bridges Street", saw performances by Nell Gwyn and Charles Hart.
Dickens described it as "dreaded by even the most dauntless highwaymen and bearable only to toads and rats".
I've thinned beets and shocked wheat."
On August 23, the NHC upgraded Marie to hurricane status, and an eye began forming later that day.
When they decided to use real flames, however, the crew built a large alternate set in an abandoned aircraft hangar at Long Beach.
This reduced the very high mountains to small hills a few tens to hundreds of feet (tens of meters) high.
In 2017, Paul Biya's government blocked internet for months to prevent news of a civil war reaching the wider world.
The society's first elected officers were Charles T. Magill as president, William C. Wodrow as secretary, and John Temple as treasurer.
Defeat duly occurred on 21 January 1924, when the Liberals decided to throw in their lot with Labour.
Having introduced more new songs on tour, Radiohead finished recording their second album by year's end, and released "The Bends" in March 1995.
At the monastic cathedral of Worcester, he disciplined the monks between the death of Henry de Sully and the election of John of Coutances, as was his right as the archbishop of the province.
As a child, Jamroży participated in many singing contests.
Within eukaryotes, there exist structural features of chromatin that influence the transcription of genes, often in the form of modifications to DNA and chromatin that are stably inherited by daughter cells.
Franklin also used typeset dashes of varying length to approximate the manuscripts' dashes more closely.
Philip Brasor, editor of "The Japan Times", expressed how Carey's vocal and melismatic style even influenced Asian singers.
Chris Carter has cited them as the main inspirations for the episode.
The word 'jaguar' is thought to derive from the Tupian word "yaguara", meaning "beast of prey".
Silver at this time came to the Royal Mint only as the by-product of mining for other substances, and from chance deposits and windfalls—the scandal-plagued South Sea Company in 1723 was obliged to send a large quantity of silver bullion to the Mint's premises in the Tower of London.
Enemies include spiders, scorpions, snakes, bats, indigenous people, sleeping hippos, and a fast wolf (the titular Sabre Wulf).
Domestically, the Four Freedoms were not something that Roosevelt was able to achieve through simple legislation, although they provided a theme for American military participation in the war.
The localization also featured changes to several names, such as "Tina" being changed to "Terra".
He later reflected that "being Protestant was important.
Downstream of the BRWMU, the watershed is far less restricted.
Followers of Islam revered storks because they made an annual pilgrimage to Mecca on their migration.
Local officials appointed the jailer's wife to finish his term in an attempt to skirt the removal.
Since 1926, no non-NHL team has played for the Cup, leading it to become the "de facto" championship trophy of the NHL.
The bird's bill, frontal shield and legs were red, and it had a claw (or spur) on its wing.
The galls can be so heavy that branches break under their weight.
By 1897, Whitman had bought all of Whittaker's birds, and upon reaching a maximum of 19 individuals, he gave seven back to Whittaker in 1898.
Expanding to 303 theaters in the United Kingdom, the film ranked first at the box office with $1.7 million.
The North Stand was "the first major stand in Britain to use what is now broadly termed the 'goalpost' structure."
It was struck until replaced by the Saint-Gaudens double eagle in 1907, and many were melted when President Franklin D. Roosevelt recalled gold coins from the public in 1933.
Historian Kenneth Nivison, writing in 2010, takes a more favorable view of Pierce's foreign policy, stating that his expansionism prefaced those of later presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt, who served at a time when America had the military might to make her desires stick.
Beyond Charon there are four much smaller circumbinary moons.
Lichtenstein made paintings based on fragments from "Tintin" comics, whilst Warhol used and even made a series of paintings with Hergé as the subject.
Scott and his fellow electors all cast their votes for the ticket of Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr.
Two local studios existed in Stockton, the cheaper and less professionally minded of which was Gary Young's Louder Than You Think Studio.
Lord Darnley had been murdered and the Queen almost immediately married the chief suspect, the Earl of Bothwell.
The cap of "A. subrubescens" is between in diameter, with a central, eccentric (away from the center), or rarely lateral (attached to the edge of cap) stem.
At the start of 1140, Nigel, the Bishop of Ely, whose castles Stephen had confiscated the previous year, rebelled against Stephen as well.
Some hauberks may have been made of scales attached to a tunic, with the scales made of metal, horn or hardened leather.
The radars used were taken from early F/A-18 aircraft, which had been upgraded with the related APG-73.
Forming three-dimensional lattices of DNA was the earliest goal of DNA nanotechnology, but this proved to be one of the most difficult to realize.
Since 1966, the USGS has monitored the flow of the Bull Run River at a stream gauge from the mouth.
The U.S. Marine Corps believes that the current naval surface fire support gun and missile programs will not be able to provide adequate fire support for an amphibious assault or onshore operations.
Plans for a collaboration for Carl Rosa in 1875 fell through because Gilbert was too busy with other projects, and an attempted Christmas 1875 revival of "Thespis" by Richard D'Oyly Carte failed when the financiers backed out.
Fountain County lies across the river.
Finally, hydrogen is sometimes placed separately from any group; this is based on how general properties of hydrogen differ from that of any group.
The Parliament consists of two chambers.
The equation can calculate the top speed of an animal with almost 90% accuracy and can be applied to both living and extinct animals.
As Lambert became the youngest—and only female—drama producer at the BBC, there were some doubts as to Newman's choice, but she became a success in the role.
During incubation and weaning, the mother initially leaves the burrow only for short periods, to forage.
In May 1908, the fleet went on a major cruise into the Atlantic instead of its normal voyage in the North Sea.
For the Kent farm, Nutter wanted to have "an old world sensibility and tone".
All of I-75 within Michigan was named the Tuskegee Airmen Memorial Highway, in honor of the Tuskegee Airmen, at the end of December 2014.
The Microsoft team helped prepare Rare's nine Xbox 360 games for the release.
She was removed from the school by her father, and travelling with her parents for four years, she attended schools in Europe, notably in Dinard, Biarritz, San Remo and Paris, becoming fluent in both French and Italian.
Progressively however it was split up into several regional (thematic) fleets, while a central Imperial Fleet was maintained at Constantinople, guarding the city and forming the core of naval expeditions.
The sinking of "Ostfriesland" was accomplished by violating an agreement that would have allowed Navy engineers to examine the effects of various munitions: Mitchell's airmen disregarded the rules, and sank the ship within minutes in a coordinated attack.
In the reserve race Goldie beat Isis and Oxford won the Women's race.
These insects are known by a number of local names, including: "vinchuca" in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile and Paraguay, "barbeiro" (the barber) in Brazil, "pito" in Colombia, "chinche" in Central America, and "chipo" in Venezuela.
The objective was to cut a corridor between the American and British armies, by recapturing the city of Bayeux (taken by the British on 7 June) and the coast beyond.
They hosted parties and shuttled between Paris and New York; Gore Vidal, who met the Windsors socially, reported on the vacuity of the Duke's conversation.
According to Higham, Rædwald's death also removed one of the political factors keeping Eadbald from converting, and Higham dates Eadbald's baptism to the time that his sister was sent to Northumbria.
In September 1941, Gens was named the commander of the Jewish policemen for the Vilnius Ghetto by the head of the new Judenrat, Anatol Friend.
The species exhibits a single breeding season; mating occurs between June and October, with some local variation taking place between different populations across its range.
Generally, a king subject to an overlord such as Æthelbald would still be regarded as a king, but would have his independence curtailed in some respects.
Garran retired from his governmental positions on 9 February 1932, a fixed retirement date on the day before his sixty-fifth birthday.
This new service re-introduced air service to Brandon.
By the evening, the remaining survivors, without food or fresh water, began to succumb to exposure, and at least one officer drowned in a desperate attempt to swim to shore.
The crowd that gathered in St Peter's Field arrived in disciplined and organised contingents.
Under pressure from Hitler, Röhm reluctantly signed a pledge stating that he recognised the supremacy of the Reichswehr over the SA.
The UFA won the election, and Reid served in several capacities in the cabinets of Premiers Herbert Greenfield and John Edward Brownlee, where he established a reputation for competence and fiscal conservatism.
They were like a wall you know?
Although Intergem went out of business, the gems it mined appeared on the market through the 1990s because the company had paid its salesmen in sapphires during its financial demise.
A statue of Monash was also commissioned and was designed by Leslie Bowles.
Hubbard introduced a device called an E-meter that he presented as having, as Miller puts it, "an almost mystical power to reveal an individual's innermost thoughts".
Singapore was under British rule in the 19th century, having been amalgamated into the Straits Settlements together with Malacca and Penang.
During the battle, the corps killed 320 officers, 20 non-commissioned officers, and 194 soldiers, many of whom were crushed by tanks in the eastern part of the city.
In the meantime, Gulf & Western began to divest itself of its non-core businesses after the death of company founder Charles Bluhdorn, so Nakayama and former Sega CEO David Rosen arranged a management buyout of the Japanese subsidiary in 1984 with financial backing from CSK Corporation, a prominent Japanese software company.
Believing he would lose if he stood again in Ladywood, Chamberlain arranged to be adopted for Birmingham Edgbaston, the district of the city where he was born and which was a much safer seat which he would hold for the rest of his life.
Caishi was held in the same esteem as the Battle of Fei River in 383, when the Eastern Jin defeated the northern invaders of the Former Qin.
The first attempt fails, but the second succeeds; the Faerie realizes that it was opened because someone else released the power from all the Mana Stones.
After a conference committee met, both houses passed a version that left the cent, three-cent nickel piece, and nickel unaltered, and it was signed by President Grant on February 12, 1873.
Carnell tended to put longer stories in "Science Fantasy" than in "New Worlds", and "Science Fantasy" typically ran a long lead novelette with several short stories.
The Navy leadership initially gave serious consideration to raising the wreck and rebuilding her, although these plans were dropped after the divers completed their survey of the ship on 22 July.
He identified the six divisions under Fredendall being sidelined for specialist training in bridge building but not amphibious assault and under heavy security.
During Ross's tenure, many enduring Texas A&M traditions formed.
The red-headed myzomela is occasionally found in swampy woodlands, casuarina woodlands and open forest, particularly those with "Pandanus" and paperbarks, as well as on coconut farms.
A jubilee was held on 27 and 28 September 1875 to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the opening of the world's first steam operated public railway: the Darlington North Road workshops housed a locomotive exhibition, a statue of Joseph Pease was unveiled in Darlington, his portrait presented to the Darlington Corporation and a banquet held.
A race for the colleges' second boats (Torpids) was introduced in 1826, and eventually boats with less than eight oars were excluded from the races.
The flotilla had advanced as far south as Brindisi in southeastern Italy when news of the successful breakout reached Vienna.
CBS coverage began 21 minutes after the shooting, and Joseph Benti anchored the initial broadcast from the CBS News election studio in New York; Walter Cronkite joined him a half hour later.
At his monasteries and dioceses he built churches in a style akin to that of the continent and Rome, travelling between them with a large entourage of up to 120 followers.
Most of the base clothing came from thrift stores, Sarah Trost's fabric storage, and the Trost's childhood clothing.
"Australia" was not awarded any official battle honours, although personnel aboard the battlecruiser and her successor claimed the operations in the Pacific, the North Sea patrol duties, and the battlecruiser's presence at the surrender of the German High Seas Fleet as unofficial honours.
In 1933, he became engaged to Ola Florence Welch, daughter of the Whittier police chief.
He gave that person's name as George Eltenton.
A finding by the parliamentary committee released 27 January 1763 bolstered Sherratt's chances to release Smart.
At the end of the season the top two teams qualified for the group stages of the UEFA Champions League; teams in third and fourth needed to play a qualifier.
Another possible explanation is subglacial eruptions created large amounts of glacial meltwater that scoured the surface of the exposed lava flows.
During the war, the Coronation Bandstand was converted into sleeping quarters for use by the Royal West Kent Regiment.
Average reservoir storage declined by at least 32 percent, further crippling the region's water supply and hydropower generation.
In 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" placed "Fun Home" at #68 in its list of "New Classics" (defined as "the 100 best books from 1983 to 2008").
Species vary somewhat in the number of primaries they possess.
The site's diversion tunnels frequently reached , enveloped in thick plumes of vehicle exhaust gases.
Moreover, equals the Riemann zeta function .
Britain in the early nineteenth century was not a greatly anti-Semitic society, and there had been Members of Parliament (MPs) from Jewish families since Samson Gideon in 1770.
However, Offa did not necessarily understand the economic changes that came with the "burhs", so it is not safe to assume he envisioned all their benefits.
Diefenbaker attended a meeting of the Commonwealth Prime Ministers in London shortly after taking office in 1957.
She made daily round-trip excursions from the Goodrich docks at the Rush Street Bridge.
He and Blamey had worked together when Blamey had commanded the 3rd Division from 1931 to 1937, and Savige was "almost fanatically loyal to Blamey through bad as well as good times".
In April 2012 an original copy of the first album was sold for a record price of €37,820 by specialised auctioneers Banque Dessinée of Elsene, with another copy being sold for €9,515.
According to the 2011 German Census, Christianity is the largest religion in Germany, claiming 66.8% of the total population.
He continued writing and eventually put together his first play, "Removing All Doubt," which he sent to his old Syracuse theatre teacher, Arthur Storch, who was impressed.
The show concluded that a more likely effect of the mirrors would have been blinding, dazzling, or distracting the crew of the ship.
Honda driver Jenson Button, who took 12th behind Timo Glock of Toyota, blamed the disruption for his performance, having prepared his car specifically for the final run.
In addition, "the distressful cry of a woman bewailing her dead" is said to be heard after a storm where lives are lost on the sandbar.
The Committee employed two private detectives to investigate the case.
In the spring of 1909, Bryant moved to Portland, first sharing a downtown apartment with one of her college friends, Clara Wold, then renting her own apartment in the same building.
Arthur and Ford are rescued after being stranded on prehistoric Earth for years and reunited aboard the "Heart of Gold", where they are pursued by Vogons.
The Moon was first reached in 1959 by an unmanned spacecraft of the Soviet Union's Luna program; the United States' NASA Apollo program achieved the only manned lunar missions to date, beginning with the first manned orbital mission by Apollo 8 in 1968, and six manned landings between 1969 and 1972, with the first being Apollo 11.
In 1932, the Southern Railway ordered a final batch of 15 locomotives (Nos. 1400–1414) to expand class availability on the Southern Railway's network.
A monument called "Gudovac—Before the Firing Squad", by the Serb sculptor Vojin Bakić, was erected on the same spot.
If he opens the breach and reverses it, anything saturated in Void material will be pulled in.
Driberg's reports were generally abrasive, even mocking in tone, and drew complaints from Buchman's organisation about news bias.
Boron of higher purity (> 99%) is prepared by heating volatile boron compounds, such as BCl or BBr, either in a hydrogen atmosphere (2 BX + 3 H → 2 B + 6 HX) or to the point of thermal decomposition.
As the pair leave separately, Mařenka's parents, Ludmila and Krušina, enter with the marriage broker Kecal.
Shebib added, "Aaliyah's mother saying, 'I don't want this out' was enough for me ... I walked away very quickly."
Monroe finishes viewing the footage, and expresses his disgust to the station executives regarding their decision to air the documentary.
For the commemorative ceremony on the 25th anniversary of the massacre in 2014, fourteen searchlights representing the 14 victims of the massacre were installed on the summit of Mount Royal and turned skyward at the exact time when the attack had started 25 years earlier.
For a couple of matches during 2012, he was used as an off spin bowler by Somerset, collecting three wickets.
Another possible process for shedding angular momentum is magnetic braking, where the spin of the star is transferred into the surrounding disk via that star's magnetic field.
Beverley Lyon, who captained Gloucestershire between 1929 and 1934, criticised Rhodes for insisting young professionals take the game seriously, thus promoting a no-risk attitude.
While her husband sulked or withdrew with hurt pride from a situation, she came to the forefront to plead his case or cause.
On 21 January 1968, a B-52G Stratofortress, serial number 58-0188, with the callsign "HOBO 28" from the 380th Strategic Bomb Wing at Plattsburgh Air Force Base, New York was assigned the "Hard Head" mission over Thule and nearby Baffin Bay.
It was built in Portland stone, and ran between Ferry Hill (Bridge Street today) on the Surrey side and Richmond Road on the Middlesex side; sharp curves in the approach roads on the Middlesex side (still in existence today) were needed to avoid the Dowager Duchess of Newcastle's land at Twickenham Park.
Hedges essentially restated comments made in October 1865 by acting Montana Territorial Governor Thomas Francis Meagher, who had previously commented that the region should be protected.
A later critic, John Cunningham, recognises that stylistically, the book in a different category from Waugh's other 1930s novels, both more ambitious and more ambiguous.
However, due to uncertainties in the death toll caused by Stan, the death toll from the season could be as high as 4,000 people.
Conservation, on the other hand, aids in the preservation of the work in its present state and in prevention of further deterioration.
In urban areas, some thrushes are killed while using the hard surface of roads to smash snails.
After the race, review of photos taken at the start showed that the horse next to him, Matterhorn, moved too far to the left and stepped on California Chrome's heel as both horses broke from the gate.
The renaming followed similar changes to Main Roads' internal-use designations in May 2011, which deprecated Perth Bunbury Highway (Highway H2) in favour of Melville Mandurah Highway (Highway H2) for the portion north of Mandurah, Lakeland Lake Clifton Road (Main Road M74) for the Mandurah to Lake Clifton section together with Mandjoogoordap Drive, and an extension of Forrest Highway (Highway H57) for the Lake Clifton to Bunbury portion.
By the beginning of November 1846, the settlers had reached the Sierra Nevada where they became trapped by an early, heavy snowfall near Truckee (now Donner) Lake, high in the mountains.
Hewett's appearances for Somerset in 1889 were more successful.
A steel shelter was constructed on the fort's roof to protect the guns, which were also camouflaged with netting.
Aside from battlefield setbacks, something that was outside his remit, Thơ was also becoming unpopular in the military establishment.
Only on the evening of 9 April did it reach the area north-east of Serres.
For example, the same button that causes Link to push a box if he is standing next to it will have him climb on the box if the analog stick is pushed toward it.
Later that year, she made her television debut role in "Wildflower" with Patricia Arquette.
He was interred in what later came to be known as the Eastern Qing Tombs, 125 kilometers (75 miles) northeast of Beijing, one of two Qing imperial cemeteries.
Jeritza was the first to deliver "Vissi d'arte" from a prone position, having fallen to the stage while eluding the grasp of Scarpia.
The two tried to write new material, but gave up after two weeks.
Downstream from the villages—approximately 15 minutes' flying time, just out of the West Side Boys' visual and hearing range, the helicopters went into a holding pattern to allow the SAS observation teams time to get into position to prevent the West Side Boys from attacking any of the captives before the extraction teams were on the ground.
Within the family Felidae (true cats), members of the subfamily Machairodontinae are referred to as saber-toothed cats, and this group is itself divided into three tribes: Metailurini (false saber-tooths); Homotherini (scimitar-toothed cats); and Smilodontini (dirk-toothed cats), to which "Smilodon" belongs.
There are no historical references to an "Aurelius Ursicinus" in Britain in this period.
In 2004, the state ranked 36th in the nation for the relative number of adults with high school diplomas, though at 85.2 percent, it had the highest rate among Southern states.
After four years of development, a "crude working model" composed of 500 parts had been produced.
Gold and silver were received from Nubia, Lapis Lazuli from distant parts of central Asia, cedar from Byblos, and in the Sinai the Serabit el-Khadim turquoise mines were reopened.
While they are known to eat the bodies of murder victims or people who have committed suicide, there are prevalent myths that they eat living humans who wander into the bush.
It is not yet known whether the medial pallium plays a similar role in even more primitive vertebrates, such as sharks and rays, or even lampreys and hagfish.
Despite commending the "great performances" and excellent directing, Gautaman Bhaskaran of "The Hollywood Reporter", too, suggested that the movie "suffers from a weak script."
The six watch officers and 39 able seamen constituted only around five percent of the crew, and most of these had been taken on at Southampton so had not had time to familiarise themselves with the ship.
Shrubs such as common snowberry, bearbrush, greenleaf manzanita, sticky whiteleaf manzanita, deerbrush, and Pacific poison oak make up the understory of the forest, along with herbaceous plants such as creeping snowberry and Idaho fescue.
The manner of his appointment was controversial, and two of Macmillan's cabinet ministers refused to take office under him.
"Lützow" engaged the light cruiser and hit her several times.
The MHC:antigen complex is also recognized by the helper cell's CD4 co-receptor, which recruits molecules inside the T cell (e.g., Lck) that are responsible for the T cell's activation.
When these prey species exist together, as in New England, they are the primary food sources of the bobcat.
André Masséna had already pushed into Switzerland with his force of 30,000, and successfully passed into the Grison Alps, Chur, and Finstermünz on the Inn.
European cannon reached their longer, lighter, more accurate, and more efficient "classic form" around 1480.
Operation "Varsity" was therefore planned with these three airborne divisions in mind, with all three to be dropped behind German lines in support of the 21st Army Group as it conducted its amphibious assaults to breach the Rhine.
Stereolab's music combines a droning rock sound with lounge instrumentals, overlaid with sing-song female vocals and pop melodies.
The spotted green pigeon was scientifically named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1789, based on Latham's description.
In February 1937, Selznick, now a leading independent producer, took over RKO's Culver City studio and Forty Acres, as the backlot was known, under a long-term lease.
The proposal had been accepted by a meeting of the War Cabinet in London at which Menzies was present but the Australian Prime Minister had been told by Churchill that both Freyberg and Blamey approved of the expedition.
Another thousand students gathered at the church and left to walk across Kelly Ingram Park while chanting, "We're going to walk, walk, walk.
Males are larger and heavier than females, weighing , average , compared to , average , in females.
Tisdel said the film falsely portrayed her continuing her relationship with Teena after she discovered he was transgender.
By 1976, the original property was divided into five farms and other parcels, including the Valley View Addition.
Ross disagreed, reasoning this would only damage relations between Britain and Portugal, an undesirable prospect given the countries' common membership in NATO, the European Free Trade Association and more.
There had been little development and it was largely devoid of infrastructure except around the administrative centre of Port Moresby on the southern coast, which had two airfields and basic port facilities.
Since the introduction of feed-in tariffs there has been a growth in the volume of installed photovoltaic panels, which generate electricity.
One of Greater Manchester's most lucrative and acclaimed television exports is "Coronation Street", which is a televised soap opera set in Weatherfield, a fictional borough of Greater Manchester, inspired by life in Salford.
The cold water in the deep sea moves back towards the equator before welling up again to the surface.
The Tiger convoy brought 238 tanks and made it possible to refit the 7th Armoured Division, which had been out of action since February as a result of the losses it sustained during Operation Compass.
Isabelle Wilhelmine Marie Eberhardt (17 February 1877 – 21 October 1904) was a Swiss explorer and author.
A Castle Battery was operational from 1941–43, as was an anti-aircraft battery.
The Mets presented him with a championship ring.
Only two of the children survived to adulthood; Mary Elizabeth died from scarlet fever in 1868, Jerome lived for only a few days, and John Percy died aged 12 in 1873.
At the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards, it was awarded "Best PS3 Game" and "Best Graphics", and Kratos received the "Biggest Badass" award.
To the frustration of the Puerto Rican delegates, including its leader, José Julián Acosta, the Junta had a majority of Spanish-born delegates, which would vote down almost every measure they suggested.
No similar structures elsewhere in the world were then known and the one-sided debate soon fell into obscurity.
The series' spin-off, "Age of Mythology", and its expansion pack, ', are set during the Bronze Age, but focus on mythology as their themes, rather than history.
The initial draft was 155 pages, much longer than a typical Disney film script (which usually runs 90 pages).
In the days following the riot, surviving Chinese immigrants in Rock Springs fled and were picked up by Union Pacific trains.
This new magazine was edited by Holmes's friend James Russell Lowell, and articles were contributed by the New England literary elite such as Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Lothrop Motley and J. Elliot Cabot.
Animal welfare groups have called animal deaths "depressingly predictable" and seek a boycott of the rodeo.
The rugged terrain and difficulties encountered while traveling along the Humboldt River in present-day Nevada resulted in the loss of many cattle and wagons, and caused splits within the group.
Dave Gallaher played in New Zealand's first ever test match in 1903 and also captained the 1905 Originals.
Staging was under ground control, with the booster cut away from the missile body by explosives.
The response of Anthony Eden, who had succeeded Churchill as Prime Minister, was to collude with France to engineer an Israeli attack on Egypt that would give Britain and France an excuse to intervene militarily and retake the canal.
In 1927, the Women's World Chess Championship was established; the first to hold the title was Czech-English master Vera Menchik.
Their planners recognized Japan would be unable to compete with the output of U.S. naval shipyards should war break out, so the 70,000 ton vessels of the "Yamato" class were designed to be capable of engaging multiple enemy battleships at the same time.
In 1985, Charig noted that "Herrerasaurus" was of uncertain classification, showing similarities to both "prosauropods" and "carnosaurians".
China allocates approximately the same proportion of GDP to Defence as Australia does, and has been rapidly increasing its nominal expenditure.
Disney was a charter member of that group.
Rather, she argues, "stirs our five senses."
No features of the skull suggest it had a crest like the broad-billed parrot, and there is not enough fossil evidence to determine whether it had pronounced sexual dimorphism.
PAR would thus have to be upgraded to have higher accuracy and the processing power to generate tracks that would be handed off to the MSRs.
This suggested that the capsule's landing bag, which was meant to deploy upon splashdown in order to provide a cushion, might have deployed early.
The views of Palomino and Bermúdez were frequently repeated in Spanish historiography, adorned with terms such as "strange", "queer", "original", "eccentric" and "odd".
These smaller predators have been postulated as using fast slashing attacks to wear down sauropodomorphs, which could have defended themselves with their large hand and foot claws.
These cofactors serve many purposes; for instance, metal ions can help in stabilizing nucleophilic species within the active site.
Some Hindus consider Jesus to be an avatar or a sadhu.
This is defined as the ratio between the / ratio in the sample and the / ratio in modern carbon, which is in turn defined as the / ratio that would have been measured in 1950 had there been no fossil fuel effect.
Anima then brands them as l'Cie and they are cast out into a different part of Cocoon.
Michigan State leads the CCHA in all-time wins, is second in CCHA Conference championships with 7, and is first in CCHA Tournament Championships with 11.
Returning to Tampa in 1847, he was one of the first city councilors, serving before he died in 1863.
Under the heading "Sentences I'd like to hear the end of" appeared the wording: "... called in MI5 because every time the chauffeur-driven Zils drew up at her "front" door, out of her "back" door into a chauffeur-driven Humber slipped..." Keeler was then in New York with Rice-Davies, in an abortive attempt to launch their modelling careers there.
Canned goods, grape juice, and locally grown cotton completed the load.
"Final Fantasy X-2 Last Mission" was later announced to be remastered in HD and included as well.
The country has produced one NBA player, Yuta Tabuse.
He heads toward shore to draw the shark into shallower waters, but the overtaxed engine fails.
In 1908, the Limestone Plains area, including Yarralumla, was selected as the site for the capital city of the newly established Commonwealth of Australia.
Of particular note is the entrance hall, which resembles a Roman atrium with marbled columns and a painted ceiling copied from Robert Wood's "Ruins of Palmyra".
Writing for "Hi Fi Review", critic Nat Hentoff said the record was "not one of his best" and observed "too little space for Monk's soloing and somewhat too much" for Griffin, whose saxophone cry and timing were more impressive than his solos.
Several ceasefires were put into effect after the June offensive but the implementation of a European peacekeeping force, endorsed by Armenia, never came to fruition.
He disappointed blacks by supporting the Taft administration's policy of not appointing blacks to patronage positions in the states where they resided.
German, French, and Spanish clubs are open to all students and plan language-related activities.
In August 1974, Applewhite was arrested in Harlingen, Texas, for failing to return a car that he had rented in Missouri.
They held a competition for fans to come up with a new name for their duo, and one girl suggested M2M.
The lower portion of the stem has a thin coating of pallid fibrils which eventually disappear and do not leave any scales.
She tries to find Laura again nine years after college, and escapes a deranged woman who has a fixation on her, a reflection of a relationship Bannon had with a beautiful, but "very bewildered and unstable person."
The first crude map of Mars was published in 1840, followed by more refined maps from 1877 onward.
Other exocrine cancers include adenosquamous carcinomas, signet ring cell carcinomas, hepatoid carcinomas, colloid carcinomas, undifferentiated carcinomas, and undifferentiated carcinomas with osteoclast-like giant cells.
Shackleton decided to wait a few days in the hope that the ice would break up.
In addition, the gray mouse lemur in secondary forests tend to have a lower body mass than those in primary forests, as well as lower survival rates.
Factors that contribute to the koala's enduring popularity include its childlike body proportions and teddy bear-like face.
In his major league debut as a batter, Ruth went 0-for-2 against left-hander Willie Mitchell, striking out in his first at bat, before being removed for a pinch hitter in the seventh inning.
Astatine is extracted using an organic solvent such as butyl or isopropyl ether, or thiosemicarbazide.
In 2008, the IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) changed its assessment of the killer whale's conservation status from conservation dependent to data deficient, recognizing that one or more killer whale types may actually be separate, endangered species.
Its higher MTOW and increased fuel capacity permits a maximum range of with 396 passengers in a two-class seating arrangement.
Despite divided critical opinion on the film as a whole, Pitt's performance was widely praised.
The Devils and Rangers met in an Eastern Conference Finals match-up, which went seven games.
A search for such a satellite by the Hubble Space Telescope in March 2004 found nothing, and subsequent measurements from the MMT telescope suggest a much shorter rotation period of about 10 hours, more typical for a body of its size.
He did not campaign on Sundays, but on most other days spoke between 20 and 30 times.
The most prominent historical monuments in Tiruchirappalli include the Rockfort, the Ranganathaswamy temple at Srirangam and the Jambukeswarar temple at Thiruvanaikaval.
Toronto attempted to try for the game-winning shot, but Jefferson intercepted a pass to seal the series for the Nets.
The government concluded that the soldiers had been accused because of racist officials in the town and, in 1972, long after the deaths of Roosevelt, Borah, and most of the soldiers, their dishonorable discharges from the military were reversed.
In the game, Giants manager Roger Craig made what some describe as a questionable pinch hitting substitution.
For Operation Sandstone in 1948, Groves ordered Dorland to fill every possible job with his men.
Port Chicago was manned by workers drawn from those remaining.
Prosecutor John McGohey did not assert that the defendants had a specific plan to violently overthrow the US government, but rather alleged that the CPUSA's philosophy generally advocated the violent overthrow of governments.
These principles were followed into the mid-19th century, when changes in armaments necessitated greater depth defence than Vauban had provided for.
Now hoping that his adversaries had left Mantinea defenseless in their haste to protect Sparta, Epaminondas counter marched his troops back to his base at Tegea, and then dispatched his cavalry to Mantinea.
After a brief spell of unemployment, and with the outbreak of war, Hordern volunteered for a post within the Air Raid Precautions (ARP).
Studies have shown strong associations between many different kinds of seabirds, including wedge-tailed shearwaters, and dolphins and tuna, which push shoaling fish up towards the surface.
"Phobia" managed only one week in the US "Billboard" chart at number 166; as had by then become usual for the band, it made no impression in the UK.
The ship reached the Chilean port of Valparaíso, the headquarters of the Pacific station, on 1844 after a cruise that incorporated visits to Rio de Janeiro and the Falkland Islands, and a stormy passage in the Southern Ocean.
As the work of a successful state official in 16th century England, the artistic value of the Anthony Roll has been described as being characterised by "naive draughtsmanship and conformity to a pattern" though its artistic aspects display "a decent amateur grasp of form and colour".
The similarity in size and density between Venus and Earth suggests they share a similar internal structure: a core, mantle, and crust.
Lalli decided that she did not want to work for Cohen, and stayed with Ziff Davis.
On July 17, 1955, Disneyland and the Disneyland Railroad opened, and the day began with Walt Disney driving the DRR's No. 2 locomotive and its passenger train into Main Street, U.S.A. Station with California Governor Goodwin J. Knight and AT&SF Railway President Fred G. Gurley riding in the locomotive's cab.
More than two hundred of our brave lads were killed or wounded by it."
Allogrooming is an important means of social interaction in bachelor and female herds; in fact, the impala appears to be the only ungulate to display self-grooming as well as allogrooming.
In 1998, the album was selected as one of "The Source"'s 100 Best Rap Albums, and former "Source" magazine writer Cheo H. Coker stated in their November 1993 issue: Though praised for its originality and production, "Enta da Stage" has also seen criticism for its monotony and lack of lyrical substance.
Rasminah runs into the woods and, after several close calls, finds shelter in a small house.
As each member of the class became due for a heavy general overhaul, they were repainted in the new standard British Railways express passenger livery of Brunswick green with orange and black lining from April 1949.
When Mary started to cry again, he said, "Madam, in God's presence I speak: I never delighted in the weeping of any of God's creatures; yea I can scarcely well abide the tears of my own boys whom my own hand corrects, much less can I rejoice in your Majesty's weeping."
The power of the labor unions was significantly curtailed by the Taft–Hartley Act, which was enacted over Truman's veto.
The Abyssinian crisis showed how the League could be influenced by the self-interest of its members; one of the reasons why the sanctions were not very harsh was that both Britain and France feared the prospect of driving Mussolini and Adolf Hitler into an alliance.
In the late 1850s and early 1860s the Great North and the Scottish North Eastern Railway (SNER) were in conflict over the joint station in Aberdeen.
Specifically, the Lince prioritised enhanced mobility over the irregular Spanish terrain.
Murphy considered working with De Niro to have been one of the most intimidating moments in his career.
The project collapsed, but Waugh used his time in Hollywood to visit the Forest Lawn cemetery, which provided the basis for his satire of American perspectives on death, "The Loved One".
Ian Charleson performed Hamlet from 9 October to 13 November 1989, in Richard Eyre's production at the Olivier Theatre, replacing Daniel Day-Lewis, who had abandoned the production.
By 13 she was spending time in her brother-in-law's billiard room, and by 14 she was working as a billiard attendant there.
The battle began with the French army outnumbered.
Although they occur somewhere on Earth every 18 months on average, it is estimated that they recur at any given place only once every 360 to 410 years, on average.
This heavy glaciation is unrelated to the uplift of the range itself and is instead part of a period of global cooling known as the Quaternary glaciation.
A non-supercharged version of the Merlin using a larger proportion of steel and iron components was produced for use in tanks.
While over the western Atlantic Ocean, Ginger became the last target of Project Stormfury, which sought to weaken hurricanes by depositing silver iodide into tropical cyclone rainbands.
Wollstonecraft is intent on illustrating the limitations that women's deficient educations have placed on them; she writes: "Taught from their infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and, roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison."
On 27 January 1939 he was posted to RAAF Station Laverton, Victoria, as a flight commander.
Palliative care focuses not on treating the underlying cancer, but on treating symptoms such as pain or nausea, and can assist in decision-making, including when or if hospice care will be beneficial.
A similar story had been approached during the first appearance of the Trill in "The Next Generation" episode "".
Reviewers praised most aspects of the production, with particular emphasis on Mendes, Spacey, and Ball; criticism focused on the familiarity of the characters and setting.
On 3 February 2002, U2 performed during the halftime show of Super Bowl XXXVI.
Both boats evaded pursuit although Rizzo had to discourage "76 T" by dropping depth charges in his wake.
To that end, Paul's original tune "Citizen of the World" is a wonderful balm, as he and Gilbert trade lyrics about the crossed bloodlines, attitudes and experiences that make us all brothers and sisters.
These were cast in bronze into two parts, the chase (the barrel) and the breech, which combined weighed 18.4 tonnes.
The hero and narrator of these stories was identified only as "M-h-s-n", keeping Raspe's inspiration partly obscured while still allowing knowledgeable German readers to make the connection to Münchhausen.
Richard set about raising the huge sums of money required for this expedition through the sale of lands, titles and appointments, and attempted to ensure that he would not face a revolt while away from his empire.
Recent studies have shown average annual roundtrip lengths of about for birds nesting in Iceland and Greenland and c. for birds nesting in the Netherlands.
Fincher wanted to make sure that the camera was more inclined towards film production so that the studio would be more comfortable about using it on a project with a large budget.
Hudson's photo of Gadsden and the dog ran across three columns in the prominent position above the fold on the front page of "The New York Times" on May 4, 1963.
The German fire was accurate from the start, with "Tiger" hit six times by "Moltke" within the first seven minutes; although two of these hits temporarily disabled both 'Q' and 'X' turrets, she was not seriously damaged.
The airstrip was just north of the southern boundary of the security zone and was being used by Allied aircraft to bring in supplies and evacuate wounded Partisans to Italy.
The original work was compiled by Dickinson during her years at Amherst Academy, and consists of 424 pressed specimens of plants arranged on 66 pages of a bound album.
She was a pescatarian for much of her life; following health troubles she began practicing veganism.
In "Les Animaux modèles", premiered at the Opéra in 1942, he included the tune, repeated several times, of the anti-German song "Vous n'aurez pas l'Alsace et la Lorraine".
For the next year, the RPF waged a classic hit-and-run guerrilla war, capturing some border areas but not making significant gains against the Rwandan army.
He moved from there to France, Norway, and finally to Mexico.
Marcantonio opposed restrictions on communists and the Communist Party, stating that such restrictions violated the Bill of Rights.
Band members Gossard and Ament testified at a subcommittee investigation on June 30, 1994 in Washington, D.C. Pearl Jam alleged that Ticketmaster used anti-competitive and monopolistic practices to gouge fans.
Other details included the return of Sora, Donald, and Goofy, as well as new costumes.
Stoke finished the season with only 17 points and just three wins, which would be the lowest points total in the top flight of English football (under the "three points for a win" system) for 21 years until the record was broken by Sunderland in the 2005–06 season.
With the loss of Cebu City, there were no more torpedoes, so the active careers of the remaining boats of Bulkeley's squadron came to an end.
In later life he condemned modern batsmen; he would explain why he no longer watched cricket by saying "I can't bear watching luscious half-volleys being nudged gently back to bowlers".
It is not known if the display in the Cape sparrow has a similar significance.
Not long thereafter, suburban residential development reached the area, which came to be known as Oak View, and then Cleveland Heights, and eventually Cleveland Park.
Though the majority of the album was recorded by Smith alone, friend and The Spinanes vocalist Rebecca Gates sang harmony vocals on "St. Ides Heaven", and Heatmiser guitarist Neil Gust played guitar on "Single File".
The tests were done to show the responses of the child.
NY 32 was once made up of several privately owned turnpikes that stretched throughout New York.
As well as Canterbury, the see of York had become vacant following the death of Ealdred in September 1069.
At this point, they become fertile once a year, producing multiple ova while in heat.
They are the third WHL team to represent Calgary, preceded by the Centennials and Wranglers.
The film was selected for the National Film Development Corporation of India's Work-in-Progress Lab initiative during post-production, which was completed in the latter half of 2013.
The soldiers erected two large kilns to produce bricks to build a more permanent fort.
By this time, Etty had developed a great admiration for the portrait painter Thomas Lawrence, and hoped to learn from him.
In June 1711 Walsh published a fuller version, which included instrumental parts; he continued to publish versions of individual numbers, with a variety of orchestrations, until the 1730s.
In the later years of the 20th century, breeders again began to prefer darker colors such as bay and chestnut.
Conservation organizations worldwide have worked with the shrimp trawling industry to develop turtle exclusion devices (TEDs) to exclude even the largest turtles.
A keen sportsman, he spent much of his free time outdoors or playing chess, and excelled at school, the disciplinarian and conservative Simbirsk Classical Gimnazia.
North of the main Himalaya Range, even the southwestern cloudbands break up or founder; hence the climate of Leh and the Zanskars is extremely dry and cold.
Wintlebury, Scarrat and Joseph Adamson (a neighbour) were the first to arrive, on horseback.
For example, Starr was estranged from the rest of the band during periods of recording for "The Beatles" (commonly referred to as the White Album).
Both sides believed they knew where the other force was, and expected to fight the next day.
Prior to the beginning of the offensive, the regiment screened the Egyptian border south of Trigh el Abd to detect any German advance in that sector.
The Flames played their 25th season in Calgary in 2005–06, finishing with 103 points.
The estimate is substantially lower than a previously accepted figure of 15%, which had been derived from older studies of hospitalized patients.
Herne Bay is twinned with the towns of: Since 1994, the Herne Bay/Wimereux Twinning Association has aimed to promote friendship between the people of the two towns by organising activities, such as cycling trips and quiz evenings.
Deep convection became very concentric around the 11.5 mile (18.5 km) wide eye, and the hurricane reached winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) early on August 31.
The beginnings of the "Vachana" poetic tradition in the Kannada-speaking region trace back to the early 11th century.
The range had grown too far for accurate shooting so Beatty altered course four points to port to close the range again between 4:12 and 4:15.
Schaeffer's chemical test is often used to help identify and differentiate "Agaricus" species.
Multnomah and Clackamas counties were named after groups of Native Americans who lived in the area before settlement by European Americans in the 19th century.
Despite its many primitive features, the sting apparatus of "Nothomyrmecia" is considered less primitive than those found in other ants such as "Stigmatomma pallipes".
This proved that a continuous ocean current flowed from east to west across the polar sea, and was the basis of Nansen's "Fram" expedition of 1893–96.
, but the rise of Black Consciousness in the 1970s questioned whites' involvement in the liberation struggle.
On March 21, a tropical disturbance quickly developed in the monsoon trough in the south-central Indian Ocean, about 1250 km (775 mi) east of Diego Garcia.
These videos were often quirky and humorous, reflecting the personality of Iwata himself.
As critic Michael Dunne points out: "Fink's heavy overcoat, his hat, his dark, drab suits come realistically out of the Thirties, but they come even more out of the films of the Thirties."
Answering the door, Gerald sees a man (Novak) who holds up a sign reading "Hello, my name is Paul.
Since his epic march with Nansen, Johansen had been unable to settle down.
Allen Ginsberg states that, in a private conversation in 1967, Pound told the young poet, "my poems don't make sense."
Because of re-casting, Khan's followers appear not to have aged from their appearance in the episode and Khan recognizes Pavel Chekov—the character did not join "Star Trek" until season two, after this episode took place.
Departing teams included franchises from Barberton, Braddock, Bucyrus, Butler, Canton, Homestead, Kent, Lima, Massillon, McKeesport, Mount Vernon, Niles, Steubenville, Washington, and Wooster.
He formally announced his break from music in Tokyo in 1977, saying, "we have basically decided, without any great decision, to be with our baby as much as we can until we feel we can take time off to indulge ourselves in creating things outside of the family."
Ben continues to reside in the Barracks following his release.
Descriptions of his dance hint that Juba performed black steps such as the walk-around, the pigeon wing, a primordial Charleston, the long-bow J, trucking, the turkey trot, the backward spring, the wailing jawbone, and tracking upon the heel.
The filmmakers placed an advertisement in the "Mountain Enterprise", the Mountain Communities of the Tejon Pass's newspaper, encouraging community members to call if they wanted to help with locations, catering, donations, or by serving as extras or crew members on the film.
Born into a prominent political family in the colonial Province of North Carolina, he was one of only five generals from North Carolina to serve in the Continental Army.
Shortly after the landslides, "swarms of gawking spectators" crowded the village to photograph the debris; one such photograph was alleged to depict the Madonna.
Images were shown by news outlets across the world, embarrassing Diệm's government and bringing negative global attention.
Such reactions (summarized in formula below) involve the removal of two hydrogen atoms from the reactant (R), in the form of a hydride ion (H), and a proton (H).
Linderman approved of the new design, but it was ultimately rejected by Mint officials due to fears of Chinese disapproval.
The stadium also hosts Nashville SC, an expansion team in the United Soccer League that began play in 2018.
Painted in all white livery, the "Columbus" made multiple round trips per day, sailing along the Lake Michigan shoreline from the Randolph Street/Van Buren Street dock to the Jackson Park site of the World's Columbian Exposition's Beaux arts "White City" exposition fairgrounds.
This probability is sex-independent.
The first act opens with a group of actresses, including Cora Montague and Betty Wilson, filming a scene for a movie and gossiping about the failed marriage.
On January 10, 310, Peter and the bishop Asclepius from the dualist Christian sect Marcionism, both from Anaia, near (Eleutheropolis, Israel), were burned alive.
In the sixth round, Birmingham faced Arsenal on a muddy pitch.
You must come up with what the movie can be on its own and then, if it turns out the villain maybe can be Khan, then you can do it.
These methods were later extended to the Internet, including Wikipedia.
The western jackdaw has been hunted as vermin, though not as heavily culled as other species of corvid.
A further three CH-47Fs were ordered in December 2015 for $US150 million, including spare parts, related equipment and some support costs.
One unforeseen aspect of more people coming to Florida proved to be an overwhelming problem.
The El Capitan Theatre, at Nixon's insistence, was entirely deserted.
Due to the town's prevalence as an industrial centre and thus a hub for employment, Oldham attracted migrant workers throughout its history, including those from wider-England, Scotland, Ireland and Poland.
The fence line was moved back to create an outer strip between the fence and the actual border.
On 14 May, he was proclaimed king in Dublin.
Players control one of six anthropomorphic protagonists as they venture to defeat Doctor Robotnik and his robot army, who seek the seven magical Chaos Emeralds and the evil entity Chaos.
The club progressed to the semi-finals of the FA Cup, but they lost 4–3 to Crystal Palace after extra time.
The PRR again borrowed the locomotive from 1933 to 1934 for the Century of Progress exhibition in Chicago.
Alternatively, they can be placed in a stub-like side-housing and coupled through a small aperture.
There, the freeway intersects SR 85 heading north to Phoenix and south to the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
, and introduced a new song, "Killer Is Me", with Cantrell on lead vocals.
According to an interview with developer Masato Kato, the staff, determining how to translate "Ryukenden" into English, went with "Ninja Gaiden" "because it sounded cool".
If the eggs are lost early in the nesting season, the female usually lays another clutch, although this is extremely rare in the Arctic due to the short summer season.
Named after the heart of the Royal Arsenal complex, they took the name of the whole complex a month later.
The Trendex rating report for the first few weeks of "Star Trek" saw it ranked in 33rd spot for the period with an average rating of 18.7.
Martin believed that the cameras and DSi Shop did not justify purchasing the DSi at launch, but, in line with the general consensus, saw potential in future software for the console.
The story's first line refers to his ("striking") appearance.
Because the line of dinosaurs that includes "Allosaurus" and "Tyrannosaurus" diverged from the line that led to "Tenontosaurus" very early in the evolution of dinosaurs, this suggests that the production of medullary tissue is a general characteristic of all dinosaurs.
The West Saxon "bist" is used for the English "art", and children were admonished with "Thee and thou, the Welshman's cow".
However, he only scored three more tries in the remaining sixteen weeks of the season.
By 1910, most glacial acetic acid was obtained from the pyroligneous liquor, a product of the distillation of wood.
It was the first time a Thunder mascot had been flown.
Eggs incubating at 28 °C become males.
The following year, the BRIT Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music was given to Lennon.
Taft journeyed to Panama in 1904, viewing the canal site and meeting with Panamanian officials.
The more common procedure is Type Ib (clitoridectomy), the complete or partial removal of the clitoral glans (the visible tip of the clitoris) and clitoral hood.
"Jam" gained two nominations: Best R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B Song.
Writing in "The Guardian", Peter Bradshaw gave the film three out of five, saying that whilst "entirely deplorable and revolting" the film was "sort of brilliant".
Warner Bros. commissioned husband and wife duo Michele and Kieran Mulroney to write a script for a "Justice League" film in February 2007, halting development for the "Superman Returns" sequel.
Compounds of californium are dominated by the +3 oxidation state.
In the meantime, the Japanese Navy had restructured its carrier air groups so that one air group was assigned to one carrier division, and the 652nd Naval Air Group was assigned to the 2nd Carrier Division with "Hiyō", "Jun'yō" and "Ryūhō" on 1 March.
Her sexually charged scenes with Dietrich have been noted by many commentators and fed rumors about the relationship between the two stars.
In songs such as "Talkin' 2 Myself" and "Mirrorcle World", Hamasaki deals with the "awareness and fighting spirit of surviving in a high-risk age" to encourage listeners; in "Rollin'" (from "Next Level"), Hamasaki writes, "The age is rolling around/At the speed of heading toward the end/Beyond the border/Disappointment and hope fight with each other".
James Ormrod, a psychologist who profiled the group in the journal "Psychoanalysis, Culture & Society", notes that the "most fundamental belief" of VHEMT is that "human beings should stop reproducing", and that some people consider themselves members of the group but do not actually support human extinction.
Soon after, the lorises and tarsiers made the same journey.
Their decks ranged in thickness between with the thickest portions protecting the steering gear in the stern.
He counted himself lucky to have been accepted, but the Fleet Air Arm was short of pilots.
In 2010, he was sentenced to three years' probation for piloting a plane 26 years after losing his pilot's license and rigging certificates.
Later, in 1872, Minneapolis absorbed the city of Saint Anthony.
The series' terms (1, −2, 3, −4, ...) do not approach 0; therefore diverges by the term test.
Despite price increases in the 2015 season, the average ticket price at PNC Park remained in the bottom five among MLB teams.
Hill scored 135, sharing a partnership of 82 with Victor Trumper, who was playing only his second Test match.
A stone vaulted ceiling is the principal feature of the Main Hall, which has cross like representations carved into it, reminiscent of the Saltire—the national flag of Scotland.
While the other states had to suffer industrial power rationing and thus reduced manufacturing output and more unemployment, South Australia managed to escape as the miners at Leigh Creek worked around the clock.
The impressions varied according to differences in the substrate and the manner in which they were made; sometimes the foot was planted directly, but there was often a backwards or forwards slip as the foot came down.
The world's first international football match was a challenge match played in Glasgow in 1872 between Scotland and England, which ended in a 0–0 draw.
Ware noted the "stunning 3-D photo-realistic scenery", while Bailey stated that the "graphics are brilliantly rendered and whiz by smoothly".
Warner Bros.' "The Exorcist" demonstrated that a heavily promoted horror film could be an absolute blockbuster: it was the biggest movie of the year and by far the highest-earning horror movie yet made.
On the morning of 1982, the final lift of the entire package of cradle, hull and lifting frame began.
Some scholars view the assassination as one of the first major incidents of political violence in the United States stemming from the Arab–Israeli conflict in the Middle East.
Charles Stewart took command on 18 July and struggled to complete the construction and recruitment of a new crew, finally making sail on 31 December.
It depicts the murder of a young man who is kidnapped and tortured while forced to watch the videos.
Van Dusen voiced Bannon in the 1986 "Quest" series, and Foxworth took over the part after auditioning for Dr. Quest.
Rivernall was married to Turpin's sister, Dorothy.
At the 2003 Grammy Awards, Radiohead were again nominated for Best Alternative Album, and producer Godrich and engineer Darrell Thorp received the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album.
The Treaty of Greenville formally ended the war in mid-1795.
Copulation can take place on land or in the water, and a pair will mate one to four times during an oestrus period.
Until recently, scientists believed that these stones functioned as a gastric mill to aid ingestion of plant material, compensating for its inability to chew, as it is the case in many modern birds.
Horses often drew artillery and steady animals were crucial to artillery effectiveness.
The 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron, which had been screening for Beatty's ships, detached to pursue the German cruisers, but a misinterpreted signal from the British battlecruisers sent them back to their screening positions.
They subsequently gave their name to the area they settled as Brittany, or "la petite Bretagne" (literally little Britain).
In North America, it can be confused with the poisonous "Rubroboletus pulcherrimus", which has a fatter stalk and deeper red pores.
The whole island was agitated from one end to the other."
Charles suspected, probably correctly, that some members of the English Parliament had colluded with the invading Scots.
Convinced of the importance of his mission, he believed this was Chaim Weizmann, president of the World Zionist Organization, later the first president of Israel.
The various commanders and their crews were presented with a £50,000 prize fund to be divided among them, and the Lloyd's Patriotic Fund and other national and mercantile institutions made a series of awards of ceremonial swords, silver plate and monetary gifts to individual officers.
The low wages accepted by women—often 50% (or less) of those paid to a man—made them more attractive economically to businesses when filling the new positions.
After refurbishment of the South Holland Centre in 1998, a new glass tower was built to house the clock and carillon after the bells were cleaned.
It marks the 300th anniversary of the voyage of the "Nieuw Nederland" which landed in the New York area in 1624.
After leaving school, Oliver studied and worked in Sydney.
The passengers were assembled into an area of about .
Farley left the program in November of that year.
Among his works were a translation of the agricultural works of ancient Roman writer Marcus Porcius Cato and several books on the local history of Virginia, including "The Landmarks of Old Prince William", "Devon Carys", "Proprietors of the Northern Neck" and "Virginia Carys".
In the 1927–28 season, Ponsford continued where he had left off at the end of the previous summer.
Movement 3 addresses the Trinity and movement 4 the Spirit that was present at the Creation.
For the sentencing, according to Richard Cahan in his history of Chicago's district court, "mild-mannered Landis returned a changed man".
The M249 provides infantry squads with the high rate of fire of a machine gun combined with accuracy and portability approaching that of a rifle.
James Nagel writes that, in Brett, Hemingway created one of the more fascinating women in 20th-century American literature.
The genesis of "True at First Light" was an African insurrection, also symbolically depicted in "The Garden of Eden": "The conviction and purposefulness of the Maji-Maji in "The Garden of Eden", corresponds to the Kenyan Mau-Mau context of the novel "True at First Light" ".
It was only after receiving directions from natives along the Sandy River that the explorers learned about their oversight.
Historians are now turning to local gazetteers of Ming China for clues that would show consistent growth in population.
Breen reported six known, all with exceptionally sharp central details.
Elagabalus declared the date of the victory at Antioch to be the beginning of his reign and assumed the imperial titles without prior senatorial approval.
Indeed, after Leuctra Thebes devoted its attention to diplomatic efforts in Central Greece rather than schemes of domination further afield.
He emphasised that the deliberate ordinariness of Bob Biswas was portrayed so convincingly by Chatterjee that the viewers can expect Bob to be around them at any time and any place.
Though extremely hot canopy or crown fires tend to kill Lodgepole Pine seeds, lower severity surface fires usually result in a higher post wildfire regeneration of this species.
The first two vessels were approved by Congress in 1939 following the passage of the Second Vinson Act.
The cootch show Dreifuss family was played by Toby Huss and Cynthia Ettinger as Felix "Stumpy" and Rita Sue, and Carla Gallo as their daughter Libby.
The British destroyed three of the floating batteries, which blew up as the 'red-hot shot' did its job.
The serial captivated much of the country, sketching a panoramic view of life in Britain from the sixties to the nineties ... At once sweeping and intimate, both moving and angry, simultaneously historical and contemporary, it has followed in the distinguished footsteps of BBC series such as "Boys from the Blackstuff"."
He also remembered seeing Jackie Kennedy on the trunk of the limousine, and thinking that she was frightened by the events and was trying to get away.
Johnston then had Cranston caught behind for a duck with only a further run added to leave England at 278/6, a lead of 316.
Several species of terns have been implicated as carriers of West Nile virus.
Estimates, however, are provided through the counting of tourists by Western and Eastern border guards.
She was assigned to the IV Battle Squadron, which operated in both the North Sea, protecting the German coast, and the Baltic Sea, where it opposed the Russian Baltic Fleet.
McKinley's financial problem in 1893 was one of the few marks on his record, and the newspapers began to suggest that those who had made large contributions to aid him would own him as president.
Payne remained adamant that opera lovers who came to the ENO for a "nice, pleasant evening ... had come to the wrong place."
Inside, Quatermass and the others find the remains of insect-like aliens resembling giant three-legged locusts, with stubby antennae on their heads giving the impression of horns.
As such, technology is a central element of the here and now.
Another important source is the Memphite Theology, a religious narrative that includes an account of Osiris's death as well as the resolution of the dispute between Horus and Set.
The short distance between Chicago and Argonne allowed Fermi to work at both places.
Whitney Houston recalled Aaliyah being "so enthusiastic" about the film and wanting to appear in the film "so badly".
After addressing the sailors, Cumberledge gathered the ship's senior officers for an inquiry.
In particular, the Manhattan Project could benefit enough from assistance from James Chadwick, the discoverer of the neutron, and one or two other British scientists to warrant the risk of revealing weapon design secrets.
"Californication" marked the return of John Frusciante, who had previously appeared on "Mother's Milk" and "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", to replace Dave Navarro as the band's guitarist.
Another influence came from Fanny Vlaminck, who was interested in extrasensory perception and the mysticism of Tibetan Buddhism, prominent themes in the story that also fascinated Hergé.
Central Arizona initially relied on the Gila River and its tributaries through projects such as the Theodore Roosevelt and Coolidge Dams – completed in 1911 and 1928, respectively.
In a lecture to a group of law students shortly before the decision was released, Harlan commented that the Chinese had long been excluded from American society "upon the idea that this is a race utterly foreign to us and never will assimilate with us."
The line remained open for freight until 1983, but the track was lifted in 1985.
In 2013, Hoult had starring roles in two major films; he first played a zombie named R in Jonathan Levine's romantic comedy "Warm Bodies", which was released on 1 February.
Once again, the film received mixed reviews and failed commercially.
The temple stands on a terrace raised higher than the city.
By its size, the number of ridges, and apparently greater length than height, it differs from all known multituberculate first, second, and third lower premolars, indicating that it is a p4.
These Games were, but are not now, officially recognised by the IOC and no Intercalated Games have been held since.
Kevin Unangst, director of Games for Windows, denied it was the end of the "Age of Empires" series, telling "The San Francisco Chronicle" "we're very excited about the future potential for "Age of Empires"".
Posthumous: There is only one English-language biography of Princess Alice of Battenberg: the official biography written by Hugo Vickers.
On Christmas Eve 1912, Edward Petre, who was known as "Peter the Painter", was killed in an accident at Marske-by-the-Sea, Yorkshire, while attempting to fly from Brooklands to Edinburgh.
Oxford was noted for his literary and theatrical patronage.
The Agency decided to create a new route for the river to the south of its original line, and work to realign a 550 m (600 yd) stretch of river 200 m (220 yd) further south was completed in 2007 at a cost of about £1.5 million.
Individuals have home ranges; bulls have territories as large as , whereas females' ranges are .
Levaillant named it in honour of the English naturalist George Edwards.
The only portions of I-8 not completed at this time were the Gila Bend bypass and the western end near Yuma.
On 25 June 2000, Bowie made his second appearance at the Glastonbury Festival in England, playing 30 years after his first.
Other fine terraces elsewhere in the city include Lansdown Crescent and Somerset Place on the northern hill.
He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.
Though the 1975 grand final was played in the era of 3 point tries, and the winning margin would have been a still record 46-0 by today's standard.
Musa Qala was officially reported captured on 12 December, with Afghan Army troops pushing into the town centre.
On October 6, 1993, Jordan announced his retirement, citing a loss of desire to play the game.
The British Aerospace Harrier II, a variant tailored to the RAF, uses different avionics, and has one additional missile pylon on each wing.
The Olympic marmot has been considered a species of least concern on the IUCN Red List since first being included in 1996.
The inner panels contain scenes from the Last Judgement arranged across two registers.
Their wives, Denise Martin and Carolyn Coburn, were closely involved with the partnership, though not listed as owners on official records kept by Equibase.
Since Lord Steyn's lecture, several judicial decisions have limited the use of "Pepper" by the courts; the result of these changes, according to Stefan Vogenauer, is that "the scope of "Pepper v Hart" has been reduced to such an extent that the ruling has almost become meaningless".
Along with related toadfish species, the smooth toadfish is known in Australia as a "toadie".
Madagascar is a member of the United Nations, the African Union (AU), the Southern African Development Community (SADC), and the Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie.
John's invasion, striking into the Welsh heartlands, was a military success.
They may have been introduced to Britain by the Romans (circa 2000 years ago) as there are no records of them from earlier sites.
As upgrading a warship's protection and armament on a similar displacement typically requires a loss in speed, the ships were not designed to reach the of their predecessor.
When Sylvia refused, her mother switched to fierce anger in a letter:You are unreasonable, always have been & I fear always will be.
For example, most passerines have a focus between the innermost primary (P1, using the numbering scheme explained above) and outermost secondary (S1), and a focus point in the middle of the center pair of rectrices.
They can also use "secondary" weapons that consume Ryu's "spiritual strength".
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle also contains the number .
Since the C4 carbon that accepts the hydrogen is prochiral, this can be exploited in enzyme kinetics to give information about the enzyme's mechanism.
A large crowd of Buddhists protested the ban, defying the government by flying Buddhist flags on the Buddhist holy day of Vesak and marching on the government broadcasting station.
Its surface is dry, and either smooth to pruinose (covered with a very fine whitish powder on the surface).
No person shall be required by the United States or by any state to participate in prayer."
Jackson's body was entombed on September 3, 2009, at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
The Queen makes half of the presentations after the first lesson, and half after the second.
The effects of different types of reversible enzyme inhibitors on enzymatic activity can be visualized using graphical representations of the Michaelis–Menten equation, such as Lineweaver–Burk and Eadie-Hofstee plots.
In late August, the members of the League met at Mantua to discuss the situation in Italy (particularly the partition of territory acquired from the French).
The clean room reverse engineering was led by Steve Hayes and Jim Nitchals, lasting several months before EA secretly began game development.
About this time, a light drizzle began to fall, and the attack never came.
Around 1934, he began working as a lecturer in economics at the City of London College.
Bay Road was widened and the new sections of highway were built with concrete pavement starting in 1934.
Scholars who followed Brodie continued to chip away at the idea of Stevens as a vindictive dictator, who dominated Congress to get his way.
Jones had by now moved on to another posting but Eaton took up the squadron's command as planned.
According to Provence, al-Kharrat was "ideal" for the job, possessing "a local following of young men, notoriety outside the quarter, good connections and a reputation for toughness".
So I figured, [instead of] remembering that one time Christian Bale went crazy on set, maybe people will remember the remix."
While living and climbing in Europe, Hill became fluent in both French and Italian.
There are a number of similar circles in south-western Scotland, for example the Loupin' Stones, Ninestane Rigg, and Burgh Hill, all of which share the architectural feature of having two taller stones on their perimeters.
The trip was not successful and he returned to Missouri without the shipment, stating that his horses had disappeared with the cargo.
Other Bronze Age barrows visible from the circle are the Green Barrow, the Old Barrow, the Twitchen Barrows, the three Wam Barrows of Winsford Hill, and the barrow on top of Sherdon.
In the German text (page 44), von Meyer briefly described "Plateosaurus" and mentioned that it had "breite, starke Gliedmaassenknochen," which translates as "broad, strong limb bones."
Shortly before mating season begins, females exhibit swelling of the sex skin, which reaches its peak around the middle of their 14.8 day estrous cycle.
Built by Schichau-Werke in Danzig, her keel was laid down in May 1912, and she was launched on 29 November 1913.
He also controlled Caus Castle in Shropshire, and through his wife Ludlow Castle in the same county.
Gibson observes: "In 1930, despite the occasional criticisms, Chapman's position did not seem in any danger.
Far darker than Zeffirelli's version, the film is set in the "crass, violent and superficial society" of Verona Beach and Sycamore Grove.
Official diplomatic recognition by other countries was key for Rhodesia as it was the only way it could regain the international legitimacy it had lost through UDI.
Her defence was that she had spoken reluctantly and in private, that she "must either speak false or true in my answers" in the ministerial context of the meeting.
Workers are required to do their jobs conscientiously, as they have been hired to do them, and to avoid dishonesty in the workplace, such as using office goods for personal use without permission (embezzlement).
Bonnet also wrote a letter to Governor Johnson, threatening to burn all the ships in Charles Town Harbour.
In 1651 the young emperor invited to Beijing the Fifth Dalai Lama, the leader of the Yellow Hat Sect of Tibetan Buddhism, who, with the military help of Khoshot Mongol Gushri Khan, had recently unified religious and secular rule in Tibet.
He moved the family to the state capital of Frankfort in 1820 for his political career.
Its mass is approximately equal in magnitude to Earth's hydrosphere.
During the night, the regiment withdrew and laagered while the Germans retreated.
Virginia Tech returned the kick to their 33-yard line, where the Tech offense began work.
The issue was attractive to the Tories and CCF with an election due within two years; it would allow them to portray Howe as an arrogant dictator, and play to those citizens who disliked the American involvement in the pipeline project.
She was involved in a severe collision with the English brig "Confidence", cutting her in half, which sank with the loss of her captain.
On Stephen's side he received back the other castles; and while David would do no homage, Stephen was to receive the homage of Henry for both Carlisle and the other English territories.
It was listed at number 37 on the 2002 end-of-year chart.
Typhoon Nancy in 1961 also had recorded wind speeds of or , but recent research indicates that wind speeds from the 1940s to the 1960s were gauged too high, and this is no longer considered the storm with the highest wind speeds on record.
During the deportations, he tried to secure more work permits from the Germans but they refused to issue them.
Further evidence was derived from the wear facets of the teeth, which were formed by tooth-to-tooth contact of the lower with the upper dentition.
It was here that the team played all of their home games up until 1986, when the ground was demolished with the Sydney Cricket Ground No. 2 to make way for Sydney's main rectangular field, the Sydney Football Stadium.
Citizens in Montegut circulated a petition for a class-action lawsuit in response to the levee failure.
, a coproduction with director Samuel Fuller's Globe Enterprises, was released by Columbia Pictures in March 1959.
The album's lead single, "Obsessed", debuted at number eleven and peaked at number seven on the chart, and became Carey's 27th US top-ten hit, tying her with Elton John and Janet Jackson as the fifth most top-ten hits.
Ibrahimović rose to fame and became an important player in the club's campaign to return to the top league.
The composer was given the opportunity to compose the film's music based on the initial storyboards and to modify it throughout filming before recording the score near the end of production.
With no definite tenant for the other building, the Rockefeller Center's managers reduced the proposed nine-story buildings to six stories, enlarged and realigned the main building from a north-south to a west-east axis, and replaced the proposed galleria between the two retail buildings with an expansion of the International Building's lobby.
Athletes who received money prizes for competitions, were sports teachers or had competed previously against professionals were not considered amateurs and were barred from competition.
As in other "Oryzomys", the hindfeet exhibit specializations for life in the water.
Several other bird species have been recorded in the diet of this pelican in South Africa, including Cape gannet chicks on Malgas Island as well as crowned cormorants, kelp gulls, greater crested terns, and African penguins on Dassen Island and elsewhere.
The state of Florida also issued a grant to help individuals in the crippled seafood industry make necessary payments.
Burnell went abroad on diplomatic missions for Edward, and for a time governed Gascony.
The introduction of refrigeration to the colony revolutionised farming, allowing the expansion of settlement, and made possible the export of meat and dairy products.
The Červená hora image was especially valuable.
"Wisden" described him as a "hard-hitting batsman", and said he played mainly from the front foot.
The invaders—Angles, Saxons, Jutes, and Frisians—gained control of parts of England, but lost a major battle at Mons Badonicus (the location of which is not known).
His first official game with Puma was in the Emirates Cup against former club Arsenal.
She describes herself as a conventional figure, worrying about her son.
The male sings during the breeding season, usually while foraging rather than from a perch.
First recorded and surveyed in 1840, North Island has been a seasonal camp for western rock lobster fishermen since the beginning of the 20th century, and this remains the principal focus of human activity on the island.
However, the combination of elements in Velázquez's composition was original.
Maine is on the southerly edge of the bird's breeding range and with changing weather patterns, this may be set to contract northwards.
After initial successes, he marched his army deep into the desert; but here his army was cut off deep in enemy territory, surrounded and slaughtered at the Battle of Carrhae in "the greatest Roman defeat since Hannibal" in which Crassus himself perished.
After becoming a bestseller on the Christian book market, the book was republished in 2004 and then revised and expanded in 2009.
Three days later the worst storm to hit Normandy in 40 years began to blow, raging for three days and not abating until the night of June 22.
However, equipment for rapidly mixing liquids allows fast kinetic measurements on initial rates of less than one second.
Schmeichel blocked the Liberian's initial shot with his feet, but he was unable to stop the second attempt or Wreh's acrobatic celebration.
Statistics also imply that astronomers in European cultures carry out about three times as much research as those in Asian cultures, perhaps suggesting cultural differences in the importance attached to astronomical research.
The stalemate continued until December 1914 when the Serbs briefly evacuated Belgrade in the face of an Austro-Hungarian assault, although "Körös" did not support this action.
Sheamus cashed in on Roman Reigns and captured the WWE World Heavyweight Championship.
Meanwhile, the Soviet team travelled to Sweden for the World Cup without Streltsov, Ogonkov or Tatushin.
This was a view that was epitomised in the conflict between the Methodist John Moore and the Anglican Stephen Aldrich.
All three members of Powderfinger were students at Brisbane Grammar School – a private school in Spring Hill – and they started as a cover band playing pub rock classics by The Rolling Stones, The Doors, Led Zeppelin, Steppenwolf, Rodriguez and Neil Young.
In his writing, Villani states that he considers Florence to be the "daughter and creation of Rome," but asserts Rome's decline and Florence's rise as a great city compelled him to lay out a detailed history of the city.
The Baron deserts his family and hides from his creditors.
Experts estimate that it took 29,135man-hours to erect Chetro Ketl alone; Hewett estimated that it took the wood of 5,000 trees and 50 million stone blocks.
Tolkien criticized Allied use of total war tactics against civilians from Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan.
Basidia (spore-bearing cells) measure 25–40 by 5–8 µm, and can be two-, three-, or four-spored.
The lowest AADT counts, 4,426 vehicles eastbound and 4,463 vehicles westbound, were recorded between the 11th Street interchange and the northeastern terminus.
Even into the 18th century, the cardinal-nephew was a natural power broker at the conclave following his uncle's death, as a figure whom cardinals desirous of continuing the "status quo" could rally around.
Despite the impact of regional economic decline, Youngstown offers an array of cultural and recreational resources.
In early February the north Queensland city of Cairns was threatened by Cyclone Yasi, and the RAAF conducted two C-17 sorties and two C-130 sorties to evacuate patients from Cairns Base Hospital on the night of 1/2 February.
In his 16-season National Hockey League (NHL) career, he played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Buffalo Sabres, Detroit Red Wings and the Ottawa Senators.
Most survivors and bodies were washed out into the Everglades where many of the bodies were never found.
What began as a simple dispute between Rear-Admiral Bernard Collard and "Royal Oak"'s two senior officers, Captain Kenneth Dewar and Commander Henry Daniel, over the band at the ship's wardroom dance, descended into a bitter personal feud that spanned several months.
After American forces put down a revolt, the United States held effective control of New Mexico and California.
Neither the Ngô family nor the Buddhists were happy with the agreement, however, and it failed to solve the dispute.
Following their encounter, a match was promoted pitting Angle against Abyss in a Falls Count Anywhere match at Turning Point.
Plante played for three games, but in that short time, he generated controversy.
Later in the season, the players' duplex was supposedly leased by Breeze's head coach, Ty Fisher.
In the 1933 season, when Yorkshire won their third consecutive County Championship, Verity took 190 wickets at an average of 13.43 to be fifth in the national averages; in eight matches he took 10 or more wickets, and achieved five wickets in an innings 18 times.
Additionally, the Court mentioned in dicta that involuntary blood samples may violate the constitution if officers do not provide "every proper medical precaution" to the accused.
The rest of the upper parts, including the head, neck, and breast, are coloured black to blackish brown.
Remaining captain of England, Hammond led the M.C.C. side which toured Australia in 1946–47.
The album's package lacks typical liner notes; instead it simply lists the names of songs and co-producers, and the URL for an online PDF poster with lyrics and full credits.
Most of the southeastern portion of the state experienced over 10 inches of rain (255 mm).
In the early 930s a new coinage was issued, the "crowned bust" type, with the king shown for the first time wearing a crown with three stalks.
They were extremely prominent, and observers described them as even more easily visible than the Great Red Spot.
The singer later revealed that because of the dye, her hair started to fall out, so she got a boy's haircut and wore a wig.
The coronal loops can be seen due to the plasma they conduct along their length.
Fauré greatly admired the music of Chopin, and was happy to compose in forms and patterns established by the earlier composer.
Although Edward was not a diligent student—his true talents were those of charm, sociability and tact—Benjamin Disraeli described him as informed, intelligent and of sweet manner.
Posthumously, the Los Angeles City Council named a part of the street close to the headquarters of Scientology in 1996, as recognition of Hubbard.
Written in 1730, it was published in French in 1755, and was translated into English by Henry Higgs in 1932.
At least 275 houses were flooded, and 137 houses were damaged.
Cane toads pose a serious threat to native species when introduced to a new ecosystem.
"T5" was commissioned by the Yugoslav Navy after the war, and renamed "Cer".
Explosive gel can be used on weak walls and floors, and can be remotely detonatedsending rubble crashing onto an enemy.
Nixon took office on December 4, 1950.
This wet appearance probably helps lure prey in search of water; a similar phenomenon is observed in the sundews.
The origin of all three names was found in a British comedy "The Palace of Truth" by W. S. Gilbert, which premiered in London on 19 November 1870, nearly one and a half weeks prior to the date written on the preface of Gray's manuscript (also published in London).
A British mission led by Akers assisted in the development of gaseous diffusion technology at the SAM Laboratories in New York.
Jones also was positive about the tie-in with the "Halo 3" trial; "We kind of knew "Crackdown" would need as much help as it could get to get into players' hands ... Like we've always said: It's a game player's game.
In 1898, he went into partnership with William Thwaites, whose brother Walter married his sister.
The "Sunderland Star", a free weekly newspaper printed by the "Echo", is also distributed in the city.
It operates under the direction of the Troy Cemetery Association, a non-profit board of directors that deals strictly with the operation of the cemetery.
This is often called viral entry.
The equestrians, the highest social class of all, served in mounted units known as "equites".
Angelina Jolie ( ; born Angelina Jolie Voight, June 4, 1975) is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian.
She continued to write during her service, adding scenes from court life to her work.
"Oryzomys" species have a large skull with a short rostrum and high braincase.
An original cast recording was issued in 2002 by Belva Records.
Shoshone National Forest is a part of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, a nearly unbroken expanse of federally protected lands encompassing an estimated .
The legislation also stated that all proceeds from the sale were to be "covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts."
Hollywood movie stars vacationed in the area and industrialists built lavish homes.
In 1932, at the end of his five-year contract with the newspaper, Ponsford successfully applied for a position on the staff of the Melbourne Cricket Club.
Due to this recycling, most of the ocean floor is less than old.
Bär crash-landed or bailed out 18 times and was wounded three times in combat.
It also signalled the expansion of a rift between the pro-European, progressive elite to which Rainilaiarivony and his brother belonged, and the majority of the population in Madagascar, for whom traditional values such as "hasina" remained integral to determining the legitimacy of a government—a divide that would deepen in the decades to come through Rainilaiarivony's efforts to effect a modernizing political and social transformation on a nationwide scale.
The party gained over 7% in four constituencies.
I told him I thought you would give him more."
At the time, commemoratives were not sold by the government—Congress, in authorizing legislation, designated an organization which had the exclusive right to purchase the coins at face value and vend them to the public at a premium.
Like the other two models, she has her hair up in the fashionable Shimada style that was popular at the time.
They were astonished that Godwin could replace Mary Wollstonecraft with her.
Social scientists Paul Ray and Sherry Anderson, for example, argue that Satin anticipated the perspectives of 21st century social movements better than nearly anyone.
Previously, decisive action in naval engagements had been achieved through boarding and melee, but after the middle of the 17th century tactical doctrine focused more on disabling or sinking an opponent through superior firepower from a distance.
Another submarine-borne raid was considered impractical as intelligence gathered from intercepted radio transmissions and field agents indicated that the battleship's underwater defences had been improved and more aerial reconnaissance patrols of the region were being flown.
The AIH unit used GEC VT90 Micropup valves in place of the Acorns for additional power, the H standing for high power of about 5 kW.
After the Fourth Fleet Incident, "Ryūjō"s bridge and the leading edge of the flight deck were rounded off to make them more streamlined.
Charles continued to be mentally fragile, believing he was made of glass, and according to historian Desmond Seward, running "howling like a wolf down the corridors of the royal palaces".
He occupied his time in writing a comprehensive encyclopaedia on naval medals published in three large volumes, which became the standard reference work on the subject.
The harbour is very shallow in places and contains a number of islands, notably Brownsea Island, the birthplace of the Scouting movement and one of the few remaining sanctuaries for indigenous red squirrels in England.
The format used in the 2007 World Cup involved 16 teams allocated into four groups of four.
King played in his last two international matches in 1912, against Australia.
At this point, Rindt had already changed back into his civilian clothes, expecting their race to be over.
Their crew consisted of 1,333 officers and enlisted men as built and 1,368 in 1935.
According to a Scientology biography, this was "given in recognition of his outstanding work on Dianetics" and "as an inspiration to the many people ... who had been inspired by him to take up advanced studies in this field ..." The British government concluded in the 1970s that Sequoia University was a "degree mill" operated by Joseph Hough, a Los Angeles chiropractor.
These groups often bombed non-military targets, such as malls and movie theaters, to increase the psychological damage and civilian casualties.
Congress voted against the proposal by a wide margin.
This not only kept the sovereign to standard, it likely removed most of the remaining guineas still in commerce.
Appalachian State became the second FCS team to defeat a ranked FBS team, and as a result of the game Michigan dropped out of the top 25 of the AP Poll entirely, marking the first time a team had fallen from the top five to out of the poll entirely as the result of a single game.
She had a maximum range of at a cruising speed of .
The population of the area remained low, and the primary income source remained the carriage of goods to and from farms.
One of these was to convert the Kejache in Tzuktok', and the other was to do the same at Chuntuki.
It includes an extensive path system, large festival grounds, ski trails, and wildflower gardens.
The diversity of Death Valley's plant communities results partly from the region's location in a transition zone between the Mojave Desert, the Great Basin Desert and the Sonoran Desert.
In the same scene, Dawn is shot with a hand-held camera that drifts, giving her a slightly unreal moment as she struggles to believe, unlike what Buffy already knows, that her mother's body is down the hall on a steel table.
He played a vintage Gibson L6-S and a Fender Coronado guitar, modified with Gibson burst bucker pickups.
These pillars feature artistic imitations of wooden and ceramic building components such as roof tiles, eaves, and balustrades.
He ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote.
During the 1930s, Macdonald's Liberals took credit for leading the province out of the depths of the Great Depression.
The ring-tailed lemur engages in "stink fights" by rubbing its tail across scent glands on its wrists, and then flicking its tail at other male opponents.
One story, "As It Is Written", by De Lysle Ferree Cass, was misidentified by Murray as the work of Clark Ashton Smith, and this led to delays in publication as Odyssey made separate plans to publish the story under Smith's name.
Because it is lighter than air, airships and balloons are inflated with helium for lift.
The non-breeding adult has mainly white plumage, a yellow bill and greyish-yellow legs.
Examples can be seen in "Joy in the Morning", Chapter 29: "There was a sound in the background like a distant sheep coughing gently on a mountainside.
The park includes four distinct ecosystems, each supporting its own flora and fauna.
Children with TS-only are faster than the average for their age group on timed tests of motor coordination.
Residing at the Mission Home for several months, he enjoyed a mansion far more comfortable than the digs he had had elsewhere in the country.
Every non-player character required a voiceover, which helped Troika define its characters more quickly.
Nonsense, like Dulness, is a force that promotes the corruption of literature and taste, to which Fielding adds a sexual element.
For most of its existence, the Bishop of Salisbury has held the office, although laymen held it from 1553 to 1671.
Tidal forces also cause a body's rotation to gradually become tidally locked, such that it always presents the same face to its companion.
More commonly, festival gumbo pots measure 2 ft (0.6 m) in depth and diameter.
According to Hastings, when the case was investigated by the police, Brown's ride to Adelaide "set him in good stead".
Collier taught Barrymore much about acting, including coaching him in comic timing, but "at times regretted his sponsorship" of his apprentice.
Okereke has conceded that he was disappointed with the abstraction in "Silent Alarm"; he used The Smiths as inspiration to try to make a personal album with "a real centre".
Little remains of Speer's personal architectural works, other than the plans and photographs.
Fighting was on-going through the day and bombs planted by insurgents continued to take a toll on ISAF forces: an American soldier, Corporal Tanner J O'Leary of the 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, was killed by the detonation of an improvised explosive device.
He continued to enjoy occasional pranks.
Her wish was realized on 3 August 1988 when her remains were transferred to her final resting place in a crypt below the church.
The guns were provided with 200 rounds each.
The dissidents nominated their own ticket; the split in the vote would contribute to Bryan's defeat.
In 1967, following a reorganisation of the TA, the regiment was reduced to a squadron and combined with elements of the North Somerset and Bristol Yeomanry, the 5th Battalion Gloucestershire Regiment and the Gloucestershire Volunteer Artillery to form the Wessex Volunteers.
Richard died at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 and the building was never completed.
The first two Williams died as infants; the third, born on 13 April 1760, survived.
The fleet reassembled on 6 August and steamed back to Kiel, where it conducted a mock attack on the harbor on 12 August.
It was the home ground of IFK Göteborg until 1958, when Nya Ullevi, built for the 1958 World Cup held in Sweden, was opened.
The next 11 years as imperial mathematician would be the most productive of his life.
The elderly shopkeeper leads him to a piece of shagreen hanging on the wall.
The lakes and rivers of France were common settings for his paintings, which gave prominence to the interaction of light with the models and their surroundings.
The SV6 sports the "Performance" interior look, characterised by an accentuated matte black centre console and red lighting, as opposed to the silver "Functional"-style interior of the Omega.
I went against everything I was supposed to do with the camera."
He was a musical child: "I cannot remember the long-lost day when I was unable to play the piano – inaccurately".
In 2011 archaeologists from Italy, the United States, and Egypt excavating a dried-up lagoon known as Mersa Gawasis have unearthed traces of an ancient harbor that once launched early voyages like Hatshepsut's Punt expedition onto the open ocean.
In letters to friends and fellow prohibitionists, he ridiculed the organization for using violent and illegal tactics to achieve prohibition, and accused them of hypocrisy for supporting many anti-prohibition Democratic politicians.
The years pass quickly; he grows older and Fowley dies.
Federal Investigation Bureau (FIB) agents Dave Norton and Steve Haines contact Michael and demand that he perform a series of operations to undermine a rival agency, the International Affairs Agency (IAA).
"Hoku-lei" was the name for Capella but may have been the name for the whole constellation; the name means "Star-wreath" and refers to one of the wives of the Pleiades, called "Makalii".
Rodgers completed a 42-yard pass, then a 14-yard pass, and Adimchinobe Echemandu ran the ball in to the end zone from the Virginia Tech 10-yard line.
The physicalism propounded by many contemporary scientists seems to assert that the real world is composed of physical things-in-themselves, while all mental phenomena are regarded as mere appearances, devoid of any reality in and of themselves.
The High Seas Fleet sailed in concert with Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's five battlecruisers.
It next receives Mock Creek at the hamlet of Hoppestown (4.24 miles (6.82 km) from the mouth), then Wolf Run (2.72 miles (4.38 km) from the mouth), both on the right bank.
The prisoners were forbidden to write memoirs, and mail was severely limited and censored.
In the 1890s brother and sister campaigned together for education reform.
It contained 45,000 graphite blocks weighing used as neutron moderators, and was fueled by of uranium metal and of uranium oxide.
By the time President Reagan had given his first prepared speech on the epidemic, some six years into his presidency, 36,058 Americans had been diagnosed with AIDS and 20,849 had died of it.
The maze-like Snowfly Forest, named for the so-called snowflies that can be found within, covers part of the city.
The simple wooden structure is constructed in the traditional style of the aristocracy of Imerina: the walls are made of solid rosewood and topped by a peaked roof that is supported by 10-meter central rosewood pillar, much like the one that had originally supported the roof of the Rova Manjakamiadana of Antananarivo before it was destroyed by fire in 1995.
Despite this loss, the platoon continued forward and soon opened fire on the Iraqi tanks with the LAV-25s' autocannons.
CWA Constructions designed both the exterior and interior of the trains to make them look as similar as possible to the Hogwarts Express seen in the Harry Potter film franchise.
Edwards passed Earnhardt to reclaim the lead on lap 195, while Earnhardt lost a further position after Kenseth got ahead of him on the same lap.
After the Hillsborough disaster there was a government review of stadium safety.
Bickerton began work on the air-tractor sledge on 14 April 1912.
On December 18, 2012, the game was re-released as part of the "Final Fantasy 25th Anniversary Ultimate Box" Japanese package.
AUVs constitute part of a larger group of unmanned undersea systems, a classification that includes non-autonomous ROVs, which are controlled and powered from the surface by an operator/pilot via an umbilical or using remote control.
The 500-page book, which focused on his early years and personal life, became a worldwide best-seller, despite criticism over the lack of information on his film career.
When someone pulled on Jones' bra strap, he ran away, and the crowd pursued and attacked him further down the road.
In "Juliet, Naked", a romantic comedy adapted from Nick Hornby's novel of the same name, he appeared as an obscure rock musician whose eponymous album set the plot in motion.
There were also religious alarms of renewed Gunpowder Plots.
"c."Mazowiecki and Balcerowicz had a vastly greater freedom of economic action than their predecessors, because neither Gierek nor Jaruzelski could consider triggering high unemployment (it would violate the symbolic legitimation of workers as the ruling class).
Much of the research on cell reproduction came together in August Weismann's theory of heredity: he identified the nucleus (in particular chromosomes) as the hereditary material, proposed the distinction between somatic cells and germ cells (arguing that chromosome number must be halved for germ cells, a precursor to the concept of meiosis), and adopted Hugo de Vries's theory of pangenes.
At these ranges, lighter guns had good accuracy, and their high rate of fire delivered high volumes of ordnance on the target, known as the "hail of fire".
Stevens insisted that his nieces and nephews refer to her as Mrs. Smith, deference towards an African-American servant almost unheard of at that time.
Edward's wartime experiences during the Crécy campaign (1346–7) seem to have been a determining factor in his abandonment of the Round Table project.
At 9:09 p.m. a much stronger explosion sent an ash column about skyward.
Oryzomys antillarum, also known as the Jamaican rice rat, is an extinct rodent of Jamaica.
Overall, Egyptologists now estimate that Ramessesnakht and his dynasty essentially established a second centre of power in Upper Egypt, seemingly on the behalf of the Twentieth Dynasty kings who ruled from Memphis and Pi-Ramesses in Lower Egypt.
Lingayatism preached women equality by letting women wear "Ishtalinga" i.e. Symbol of god around their neck.
Shortly after he got out, his mother committed suicide.
An explosion of the hydrogen and oxygen in Dr Ox's factory brings his experiment to an end.
Leach recalled in his memoirs: As a result of the White House lunch meeting, Leach agreed to abandon the idea that the double eagle design be used for the small gold pieces, and to cooperate with Bigelow and Pratt in the making of the new coins.
Following the attacks of 11 September 2001, he became involved in planning for subsequent operations in the Middle East.
The locomotive's final run was on May 26, 1960, pulling a Montreal–Rigaud commuter train.
It featured eight pages from the first issue and some of Ruiz's character designs, including some of his initial, more lifelike Predator sketches.
While writing her last novel, ' (1798), Wollstonecraft took advantage of her position with Johnson and reviewed almost nothing but novels, exposing herself to the wide variety of novelistic forms.
Jacques claimed that his calculated vagueness was the result of his dependence on cannabis, although according to Le Mesurier the drug was not to his taste; he smoked it only during his period of abstinence from alcohol.
The oldest core was found to include ice from 2.7 million years ago—by far the oldest ice yet dated from a core.
At this time, he bowled fast-medium pace, while as a batsman he had developed, in the words of his obituary in "The Times", "a rather curious, wristless style; stiff and yet powerful".
"S. decipiens" generally has a smaller stature, with a cap ranging from in diameter, and stem that is typically long by thick.
Matilda Bay Brewing Company produces a wheat beer called Redback, with the distinctive red stripe as the logo.
"The Examiner" reported that Disraeli, on attending one of the committee rooms, left shortly afterwards with the other members of the committee, "with a mass of papers in one hand, and with his pocket handkerchief applied to his nose" because the smell was so bad.
The park has an elevation range from and contains five major vegetation zones: chaparral and oak woodland, lower montane forest, upper montane forest, subalpine zone, and alpine.
Heber spent the next few months at Hodnet preparing for his departure; during this period he gave a farewell sermon at Oxford, after which the degree of Doctor of Divinity (D.D.) was conferred on him.
These sold for an average price of £36 each.
The company continued its move into support services in May 2010 with the purchase of the marine support company Atlantic Marine for $352 million.
In 1932, he took a teaching position in biology at Colgate University.
Sullivan was asked in 1889 to supply a ballet for a French-language production of "The Mikado" in Brussels, which he duly did.
Conglomerates involved in the boycott included Viacom and CBS, subsidiaries MTV, Clear Channel Communications, and Infinity Broadcasting, the latter two among the largest radio broadcasters.
Unlike Wollstonecraft's first novel, "" (1788), "The Wrongs of Woman" offers solutions to these problems, namely an empowering female sexuality, a purpose-filled maternal role, and the possibility of a feminism that crosses class boundaries.
A strong England team—captained by Percy Chapman and including Jack Hobbs, Herbert Sutcliffe, Wally Hammond and Harold Larwood—toured Australia in 1928–29.
Mated females then seek a suitable place to begin a colony.
Even post-war memoirs by General Żeligowski mention "[t]hree Russian infantry divisions, that is 27 battalions, though admittedly understrength, against one of our own", though in fact the Russian forces only had two divisions.
It is the only extinct bird with a former star constellation named after it, Turdus Solitarius.
When the couple's first son, Wieland, was born on 5 January 1917, Cosima celebrated by playing excerpts from the "Siegfried Idyll" on Wagner's piano.
During the late 1670s Greek adventurer Constance Phaulkon arrived in Siam.
He resigns the chancellorship after a year, to run a commune for dissident youth.
On March 9, the production filmed the musical number "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" there, utilizing 4,000 extras for two days.
Feletti said that he, like Lucidi, was merely following orders.
In November 2002, UBS Warburg listed it as the 6th highest console game in terms of sales during the week of November 5.
Her own writings also addressed the topic.
This reclassification was observed by other authors; Carl Jakob Sundevall proposed the new genus name "Lophopsarus" ("crested starling") in 1872, yet "Fregilupus varius"—the oldest name—remains the bird's binomial, and all other scientific names are synonyms.
They noted an abundance of the ghost shrimp "Lepidophthalmus turneranus" in the Wouri River and named it ("Shrimp River"), which became "Cameroon" in English.
The female incubates the eggs for 13–18 days to hatching, and broods the altricial downy chicks until they fledge 20–26 days later.
In 1926, he was appointed to a Royal Commission considering cross-river traffic in London with particular reference to the Waterloo and St Paul's bridges.
He began playing for Surrey County Cricket Club's second XI in 1977, but Surrey made no move to sign him as a player.
To protect them against marauding French warships, a recent hazard in the area, since the recent founding of New France in the interior (modern Lower Canada of the 18th and 19th centuries, Province of Quebec and Dominion of Canada) along the St. Lawrence River, Calvert employed the pirate John Nutt.
Disability and even deaths from excessive use of these products have been claimed.
Japanese companies are known for management methods like "The Toyota Way", and shareholder activism is rare.
Both the Mark III and the original Master System models could play with both cartridges (or "Mega Cartridges", as they were officially called) and the credit card-sized Sega Cards, which retailed at lower prices than cartridges but had lower storage capacity; the Master System II and later models did not have the card slot.
Mölders volunteered for service, and arrived by sea in Cadiz on 14 April 1938.
The Hwicce had their own royal family, but it appears that at this date they were already subordinate to Wulfhere: the marriage between Æthelwealh and Eafe may well have taken place at Wulfhere's court, since it is known Æthelwealh was converted there.
Troops were so closely packed they stood 30 to 100 ranks deep and the killing was terrible.
The album was stylistically diverse; Hamasaki included rock- and trip hop-influenced tracks as well as "summery", "up-tempo" and "grand gothic" songs and experimented with new techniques such as gospel choruses and the yells of an audience.
Altar 18 was one of five monuments forming a north-south row at the base of Structure 8 on Terrace 3.
Toshack totalled 50 wickets at the average of 21.12 for the tour.
The bulk of electricity production is derived from gas and oil.
Hanneman objected, stating: According to guitarist Kerry King: "Yeah, 'Slayer are Nazis, fascists, Communists'—all that fun shit.
The "columbium" discovered by Hatchett was probably a mixture of the new element with tantalum.
The rhinoceros typically pushes these saplings over with its body, walking over the sapling without stepping on it, to eat the leaves.
The KM Group owns "Herne Bay Gazette" and "KM Extra", while Trinity Mirror owns "Canterbury Adscene".
In the western Himalayas it could be confused with both the plain-backed and the long-tailed thrushes.
As events later showed, Weaver had presented a well-reasoned, if only circumstantial, case; these circumstantial elements were confirmed by evidence found after investigators gained access to Rajneeshpuram several months later.
The situation was particularly dire in the former Polish territories beyond the General Government, which had been annexed to the Third Reich.
Bowyer was fourth-fastest; Johnson was fifth and Truex sixth.
On 28 February he carried a bottle of milk, sugar, his rule book, and a notebook in his work satchel; he also had £270 in his jacket to buy a second-hand car for his daughter after work.
Committees were organized to formulate a constitution, refine ceremonial rituals, devise insignia, and plan future development.
The ship's port-side propeller shaft was bent, necessitating repairs at the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel from 2–9 June and 21–31 July.
The memorial was designated a grade II listed building in November 1975.
He would rather live in exile with his principles intact than continue to reign as a limited monarch."
Walsingham made arrangements for Mary's execution; Elizabeth signed the warrant on 1 February 1587 and entrusted it to William Davison, who had been appointed as junior Secretary of State in late September 1586.
After this he never played the organ professionally in a church service, and rarely played the instrument at all.
Tshombe protested the "Balkanization" of the province, but cooperated and established his own provincial government in South Katanga by April.
These changes would have considerably delayed the ship's completion and were rejected by the Navy Ministry.
A lighthouse on one island was partially submerged in the Gulf of Mexico, nearly from land following severe beach erosion.
and served with the U.S. Navy for the last year of World War II as bombardment ships and fast carrier escorts.
The location was conveniently close to the main railway line between Calais and Saint-Omer, the canalised River Aa, main roads and electric grid lines.
Ross felt that Eve's relationship with Julian showcased an authentic representation of an interracial couple.
The Jews described many cases in which they were assaulted or beaten by the Greeks, and the sons of the British and the Greek consuls were among those who beat up a number of Jews.
Lang became Archbishop of Canterbury in 1928.
The Austrian army overwhelmed the Prussians and forced a general retreat.
Lewis Armistead and Ambrose Wright, to perform a flanking maneuver around any Federals they found, to avoid the Union threat.
The remaining contents were auctioned, including wine-making equipment and an oxcart.
Satin was devastated by the decline of the Alliance, and engaged in unhappy bouts of public criticism and self-criticism.
His image appears in Buddhist sculptures during the late Gupta period.
Similar songs are a feature of the "Sylvia" warblers as a group, and it has been suggested that this promotes interspecific competition and helps to segregate territories between related species.
Darren forces Nicky out of his room, and is then attacked by the Boogeyman, who disembowels him and removes his heart.
At the conclusion of the war, Woodruff returned to England and began a long career as an academic surgeon, mixing clinical work and research.
The construction of the interchange cost $800,941 (about $ in dollars).
Both "Wisconsin" and "Missouri" launched Tomahawk Missile attacks against Iraq; they were among the first ships to fire cruise missiles during the 1991 Gulf War.
The situation became worse for Byzantium during the civil wars after Andronikos III died.
The age of sexual maturity is uncertain, but may be four to five years.
Bacterial metabolic processes are also important in biological responses to pollution; for example, sulfate-reducing bacteria are largely responsible for the production of the highly toxic forms of mercury (methyl- and dimethylmercury) in the environment.
This has important potential implications for a hydrogen economy, as hydrogen can be produced on-site and does not need to be transported.
During the next eight years, the LPO appeared nearly a hundred times at the Queen's Hall for the Royal Philharmonic Society alone, played for Beecham's opera seasons at Covent Garden, and made more than 300 gramophone records.
In the US, "Animaniacs" aired on Cartoon Network, originally as a one-off airing on January 31, 1997, and then on the regular schedule from August 31, 1998 until the spring of 2001, when Nickelodeon bought the rights to air the series beginning on September 1, 2001.
He remains the only U.S. Marine to achieve ace status in two wars and was also the only Marine jet fighter ace.
In 2007 Carus republished their score edition with an introduction by .
More worryingly, a theodolite reading that day suggested that they were at only 85°15′N, and they had no means of knowing which of the readings was correct.
Nor was he a success as captain.
Five "God of War" soundtracks have been commercially released and have featured several composers, including Gerard K. Marino, Ron Fish, Winifred Phillips, Mike Reagan, Cris Velasco, Winnie Waldron, Marcello De Francisci, Jeff Rona, Tyler Bates, and Bear McCreary.
Lycett sees much of Bond's character as being "wish fulfilment" by Fleming.
The record sleeve uses a still frame from Jean Cocteau's 1949 film "Orphée", featuring French actor Jean Marais.
In honor of her daughter, Maria Amélia's mother financed the construction of the "Princesa D. Maria Amélia" hospital in Funchal.
As a survival horror game, "Resident Evil 2" features the same basic gameplay mechanics as its predecessor, "Resident Evil".
Departing from the main central administrative system generally known as the Three Departments and Six Ministries system, which was instituted by various dynasties since late Han (202 BCE – 220 CE), the Ming administration had only one Department, the Secretariat, that controlled the Six Ministries.
The recipient receives $10,000, a diploma, and a bronze statuette at a presentation in Prague's Old Town Hall on the Czech State Holiday in late October.
Pericles' speech, like Lincoln's: In contrast, writer Adam Gopnik, in "The New Yorker", notes that while Everett's Oration was explicitly neoclassical, referring directly to Marathon and Pericles, "Lincoln's rhetoric is, instead, deliberately Biblical.
He was also ranked No. 48 in "TV Guide"s "50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time" in 1996 and both he and Lisa ranked No. 11 in "TV Guide's" "Top 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time" in 2002.
In the first session Jeff Gordon was the fastest, ahead of Jarrett in second and Robby Gordon in third.
Shepherd spends ten hours in the operating room contemplating what to do about the tumor, with the motivational support of fellow surgeons Dr. Mark Sloan (Eric Dane), Dr. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson), and Dr. Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez).
While on the Braddock expedition years earlier, Boone had heard about the fertile land and abundant game of Kentucky from fellow wagoner John Findley, who had visited Kentucky to trade with American Indians.
On 12 May 1967, the Naval Board recommended to the Government that six Skyhawk pilots and their ground crew be offered to the US Navy during May the next year after these personnel had completed their training on the new aircraft.
After spending several weeks gathering horses for the Matamoros Expedition, in late February Johnson and about 40 men led the herd to San Patricio.
The much-altered medieval undercroft still stands, with its Norman doorway and Victorian replica, barrel vaulting, wine bins, and blind arcading in the former outer parlour.
Brownlee refused to grant permission for the march and requested and received police assistance in breaking it up.
Although analyses have not identified the cause, an obscure virus, a toxin, or botulism are thought to be the most likely causes of the deaths.
In May 1843, Etty was one of eight artists chosen by Prince Albert to paint frescoes on the theme of Milton's "Comus" for a new pavilion being built in the grounds of Buckingham Palace.
The indigenous peoples reported that the species was driven to extinction due to the introduction of cats, as the pigeon had never previously confronted a carnivorous mammal on Choiseul.
The Jäger detachments tried to tie down and destroy the Red force outside the town.
It is known as Cotton MS Otho A xii, and was part of the Cotton library.
A 1912-S nickel, one of the first forty coined, was used by former San Francisco Mayor James D. Phelan to pay the first fare on the city's first streetcar on December 28, 1912.
Savige died of coronary artery disease at his home in Kew, Victoria on 15 May 1954.
Demographically, it is mainly inhabited by four ethnic groups, three of which self-identify as "Macedonians": two, a Bulgarian and a Greek one at a regional level, while a third ethnic Macedonian one at a national level.
Unlike "even", some mathematical terms are purposefully constructed to exclude trivial or degenerate cases.
John Philip Brook Brooke-Little, (6 April 1927 – 13 February 2006) was an influential and popular English writer on heraldic subjects, and a long-serving herald at the College of Arms in London.
John Flamsteed added Eta, Iota and four Roman letters; of these, only Iota is still used as the others were dropped in subsequent catalogues and star charts.
During this time, it is possible that as Mars's surface temperature gradually rises, carbon dioxide and water currently frozen under the surface regolith will release into the atmosphere, creating a greenhouse effect that will heat the planet until it achieves conditions parallel to Earth today, providing a potential future abode for life.
As Rosas aged and his health declined, the question of who would succeed him became a growing concern among his supporters.
In 1781, Howe assisted in putting down the Pompton Mutiny in New Jersey, which was inspired by the slightly earlier Pennsylvania Line Mutiny.
The beach party contributed to these delays as it was inexperienced and too small.
Vega is also a variable star that varies slightly in brightness.
He won the Golden Hockey Stick, given to the most valuable player in the Extraliga, in 1987, 1989 and 1990.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the New Year Honours in 1939 for his services on the Army Headquarters staff.
Geoffrey died while still in exile at Grandmont in Normandy on 12 December 1212.
Naruto also appears in the epilogue light novels of the series.
Myers was convinced that there was a significant market for very large paintings, and encouraged Etty to make such works.
The site is the opposite scenario of that in Waco; all but one of the at least 55 skeletons—additional skeletons are excavated each year—are male, and accumulated over time rather than in a single event.
The descriptions of Nubia and Horn of Africa in the "Wenxian Tongkao" were ultimately derived from the "Jingxingji" of Du Huan (fl.
After his release, he finds Germany has annexed Sosnowiec, and he is dropped off on the other side of the border in the German protectorate.
Everything from horse-drawn carriages in the late 19th century, to automobiles in the first part of the 20th century, traveled the road which passed through that tree.
Bohr received numerous honours and accolades.
However, John Talbot had only one niece, Ankaret, who died in infancy in 1421.
Bart's year of birth was stated in "I Married Marge" (season three, 1991) as being in the early 1980s.
He also fought against the Bogomil and Messalian heretics.
Opponents point to a study commissioned by the National Retail Federation in 2000 that found a national sales tax bill filed by Billy Tauzin, the "Individual Tax Freedom Act" (), would bring a three-year decline in the economy, a four-year decline in employment and an eight-year decline in consumer spending.
Benny took his show to NBC, his home before 1948; Benny ended the show after only one season there, proving Aubrey's point if not his tactics.
Research is being undertaken into converting rapeseed oil into biodiesel, and the European biofuels directive intended to ensure that 5.75% Europe's transport fuel came from renewable sources by 2010.
They concluded that the direct cause of sinking was scuttling: sabotage of engine-room valves by her crew, as claimed by German survivors.
They released multiple albums and home videos and, depending upon the word of mouth of their audience, performed to increasingly large audiences in Australia and New Zealand despite having to re-introduce themselves to a new audience of children every three years.
Blakeney is the most important site in Britain for both Sandwich and little terns, the roughly 200 pairs of the latter species amounting to eight per cent of the British population.
Mainland and Tasmanian birds are the same size.
The chronicler Symeon of Durham asserted that when St-Calais was consecrated bishop by Archbishop Thomas of York, he managed to avoid professing obedience to the archbishop, which, if true, would have freed St-Calais from interference in his diocese.
This was followed by two narration performances, firstly in "Spode A History of Excellence", and then in the five-part film "Dinosaurs and Their Living Relatives".
With the end of the war in August 1945, the Manhattan Project's priority shifted from speed to economy and efficiency.
The giant planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune) formed further out, beyond the frost line, the point between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter where material is cool enough for volatile icy compounds to remain solid.
While near peak intensity, Typhoon Fengshen underwent the Fujiwhara effect with Typhoon Fung-wong, causing the latter storm to loop to its south.
His Clown satirised many aspects of contemporary British life, and made comic mockery of absurdities in fashion.
On July 4, 1983, at 3:05 p.m., safety inspectors declared the line ready for operation.
He spent the morning watching the French from the Goldacker manor rooftop in Rossbach.
All previous episodes of "Star Trek" had overrun their filming schedules, and the producers were concerned that not enough time had been allotted to each production.
However, the company increased the order by 10,000 units when advanced orders have exceeded expectations, and another 10,000 units was later added following the console's success at the ECES event.
Christie won in a time of 10.07 seconds, ahead of Jon Drummond in second and Lewis, who finished "a distant third".
For 137 years, Kealoha's burial site remained unmarked until a Hawaiian group affiliated with the organization Hawaiʻi Civil War Round Table, consisting of Anita Manning, Nanette Napoleon, Eric Mueller, and Justin Vance, started an effort to give him a grave marker.
Leaders of both groups viewed this as an auspicious time to merge the two organizations, so, in 1937, the Birth Control Council of America, under the leadership of Sanger, was formed to effect a consolidation.
It was also be their first trip to the New Wembley Stadium when they took on Bolton Wanderers for a place in the final.
The only known skeleton was discovered in 1984 and is virtually complete, including a fragmentary skull, making "Amargasaurus" one of the best-known sauropods of its epoch.
Shakespeare may also have drawn on an earlier Elizabethan play known today as the "Ur-Hamlet", though some scholars believe he himself wrote the "Ur-Hamlet", later revising it to create the version of "Hamlet" we now have.
They included a City of London banker named Mauger (who was to head the Bank of Poyais), doctors, civil servants, young men whose families had bought them commissions in the Poyaisian Army and Navy, and an Edinburgh cobbler who accepted the post of Official Shoemaker to the Princess of Poyais.
Rhys was the second son of Gruffydd ap Rhys, ruler of part of Deheubarth, by his second wife Gwenllian ferch Gruffydd, daughter of Gruffudd ap Cynan, king of Gwynedd.
Dawes and Hanna worked closely together, with the latter relying on the young entrepreneur to secure support from his connections in the Chicago business community.
Pick realised that variety was important to maintain travellers' interest and he commissioned designs from artists working in many different styles.
Then, in 1851, his treasured daughter Annie fell ill, reawakening his fears that his illness might be hereditary, and after a long series of crises she died.
The success of the 2004 team and the efforts during the off-season fueled anticipation by sports writers that Texas would play for the national championship if they could win their away game against Ohio State University and end their five-game losing streak against Oklahoma.
During this year "Australia"s activities were limited to training voyages between Rosyth and Scapa Flow and occasional patrols to the north-east of Britain in search of German raiders.
Meat (but not seafood) is often browned beforehand and removed from the heat.
Overall, he competed in 62 Grands Prix, winning six and achieving 13 podium finishes.
The class carried the largest naval artillery ever fitted to a warship, nine 460-millimetre (18.1 in) naval guns, each capable of firing shells over .
The album's pay-what-you-want release, the first for a major act, made headlines around the world and sparked debate about implications for the music industry.
Malkin Tower may have incorporated a Norman peel tower, built as a defence against Scottish raiders or might have been a disused poacher's lookout, but it is more likely that despite its name Malkin Tower was a simple cottage.
Morag Reavley of BBC Online argues that the piece is "up there ... in the quintessential soundtrack of the Sixties" with the "James Bond" films and the songs of Frank Sinatra, Elvis and The Beatles.
Critics felt the show was testing the attention span of its audience and that it was mistimed in the wake of the launch of the successful crime drama "The Shield" on FX.
The clubs played each other forty times, but Olympic won only six of these matches.
On December 9, 1991, the SODO Busway opened, extending bus service from the tunnel into SODO and moving southbound routes off Interstate 5.
Tom Willow stated that "Harry Potter going knowingly to his death at the hands of Voldemort, willing to sacrifice himself to save his friends, is reminiscent of Aslan similarly sacrificing himself in C. S. Lewis' "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe".
On their journey, they meet Aerith Gainsborough, a carefree flower merchant and one of the last surviving Cetra; Red XIII, an intelligent quadruped from a tribe that protects the planet; Cait Sith, a fortune-telling robotic cat controlled by repentant Shinra staff member Reeve; and Cid Highwind, a pilot whose dream of being the first human in outer space was not realized.
During his time with the company, he also demonstrated what the "Daily Telegraph" called a "crusty charm" as Sir Oblong Fitz Oblong in Robert Bolt's children's play "The Thwarting of Baron Bolligrew".
The article and illustrations created tourist interest in Yosemite and eventually led to its protection.
Additionally, yet a third "1st Marine Brigade" was created in 1956, later becoming the 1st Marine Amphibious Brigade in 1985 and the 1st Marine Expeditionary Brigade (1st MEB) in 1988.
They set out in the "Ulysses", a massive submarine.
French scholar Rodolphe Guilland theorized that Leo offered to become a vassal of the Caliphate, although the Byzantine general intended to use the Arabs for his own purposes.
"The Village Voice"s Nick Pinkerton wrote that the film is "prone to shallow ponderousness", and that Scott "can still mimic the appearance of an epic, noble, important movie—but the appearance is all."
Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" wrote that the film "tells a story so repellent that it is almost beyond belief.
She was consequently beached near the West Bank Light.
She faced a counterattack from Stephen, who started by attacking Wallingford Castle which controlled the Thames corridor; it was held by Brian Fitz Count and Stephen found it too well defended.
The committee's final report determined that along the whole of the rocky coast between Land's End and Hartland Point, Padstow was the only potentially safe harbour for the coasting trade when the most dangerous north-westerly onshore gales were blowing.
In northern Europe it was seen as acceptable to portray artfully draped nudes.
In mid-September he was formally appointed as unit adjutant, swiftly followed by a temporary promotion to captain.
Nabis refused to comply with Flamininus' ultimatum, so 40,000 Roman soldiers and their Greek allies advanced towards the Peloponnese.
At the time nobody knew how the virus was spreading.
Towards the end of the 1921 season, Allen was invited to play first-class cricket as an amateur for Middlesex, for whom he qualified by residence.
As a batsman he had scored 145 runs, averaging 24.16.
Secondhand accounts also exist, and at least ten contemporary illustrations are known.
The libretto, by Strozzi, is based on the ancient Greek myth of Pluto and Proserpine.
Nuclear power was used for the first time for propulsion by a submarine, the USS "Nautilus", in 1954.
The city converted it into the Elwood Haynes Museum and it has been open to the public since 1967.
Images are shown throughout the concert on the stage's LED display.
The two angels on either side of Christ bear the symbols of the crucifixion already represented on the left hand panel.
A late seventh-century hagiography of Pope Gregory I claims that Paulinus was the stranger in the vision; if true, it might suggest that Paulinus spent some time at Rædwald's court, although Bede does not mention any such visit.
The 1982–83 season was dominated by McDonald's battle with Wayne Gretzky of the Edmonton Oilers for the league lead in goals.
The lyrical content of hardcore songs is often critical of commercial culture and middle-class values, as in Dead Kennedys' celebrated "Holiday in Cambodia" (1980).
From 9 am, clerks paid out cents for the old pieces; outside the Mint precincts, early purchasers sold the new cents at a premium.
In 1862, at the peak of the silver boom, Austin had a population of 10,000 people.
In December of that year, the Canadian Permanent Force took over wardenship of the prison, at which time there were three remaining prisoners.
Uspensky argues that this saint took on attributes of the serpentine god Volos, whose cult was very strong among East Slavs before Christianization.
After the First World War, in which he served as a naval chaplain, he devoted himself primarily to his London work.
While the Suez Crisis caused British power in the Middle East to weaken, it did not collapse.
Fruit body formation is influenced by external factors such as season (which affects temperature and air humidity), nutrients and light.
From his cell, Turpin wrote to his brother-in-law, Pompr Rivernall, who also lived at Hempstead.
Supporting acts included Ladytron, Unkle, The Dandy Warhols, Alec Empire, and Serena Maneesh.
However, it remained capable of raiding Allied positions.
Douglas Kellner from the University of California argued the film's ending played "on fears of out of control nuclear technology and government cover-ups".
Romney took a hands-on role in the Belmont Stake's matters, helping in domestic maintenance efforts, visiting the sick, and counseling burdened church members.
This balancing act between the real and the imaginary has drawn comparisons to neorealist works such as those of Iranian directors Abbas Kiarostami and Mohsen Makhmalbaf, and Zhang has openly acknowledged the influence of Kiarostami in this film.
Margaret McMillan, the educational and social reformer, wrote: "How wonderful that to these dear children such a wonderful gift has been vouchsafed."
Radiation therapy is occasionally used if there is pain due to anatomic extension, such as metastasis to bone.
On July 1, 1997 the winning design was chosen unanimously by a 15-member panel from 624 submissions.
Instead, the TD&B would construct a connection from the D&SE at a point they called Lebanon Junction, now inside Dayton near the intersection of Woodman and Rainier Drives, to the small village of Dodds.
Of his decision to recognize the Israeli state, Truman wrote in his memoirs: "Hitler had been murdering Jews right and left.
Because silver was worth less than its legal equivalent in gold, taxpayers paid their government bills in silver, while international creditors demanded payment in gold, resulting in a depletion of the nation's gold supply.
Although he presented himself in an autocratic manner in several speeches, Mandela was a devout believer in democracy and abided by majority decisions even when deeply disagreeing with them.
Opeth supported "Heritage" with a tour that would last for over 200 tour dates.
Due to a tight development schedule, puzzles in the first episode were not optimized for the game's control system, which was re-designed late in development.
It was also featured in the "Daily Telegraph's" list of 100 favourite churches, and a Norfolk tourism website rated it one of the top ten churches in the county.
These fugitives strengthened the existing ties between the independent Ch'ol and the Spanish-controlled Maya of Verapaz; the constant flow of Maya between colonial Verapaz and independent Petén led to religious syncretism that the Spanish religious authorities were unable to prevent.
When the group reached Balincarin, they had accumulated nearly 50 carts.
David Bianculli of "The New York Daily News" praised "Mercy Point" as an improvement over "UPN's watch-me-please gimmick shows", and commended the way the show focused on its characters and medical cases while it "relegat[ed] the futuristic elements to the background".
Commercial and cultural contacts extended India's influence in Western and Southeast Asia.
Puritans believed that God is sovereign over all of history and nature and that none of what were called his decrees would be frustrated.
The singer voiced DJ Suki in the animated film "Trolls", which was released on November 4, 2016.
Concern has been raised with Zamboni's research as it was neither blinded nor controlled, and additionally its assumptions about the pathophisiology of the disease may not be backed by known data.
In the 1770s, the French naturalist Comte de Buffon stated that the dodo inhabited both Mauritius and Réunion.
The river passes many landmarks and places of interest including: Burrow Hill Cider Farm, Muchelney Abbey, West Sedgemoor (a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), the Blake Museum, Westonzoyland Pumping Station Museum, the site of the Battle of Sedgemoor, and finally discharges into Bridgwater Bay (another SSSI).
On Cape Cod, Massachusetts, an HU-25 Falcon jet flew along the coastline, broadcasting storm advisories to offshore vessels.
As a result, the Grand Canyon dams were removed from the CAP agenda, the boundaries of Grand Canyon National Park were extended to preclude any further development in the area, and the pumping power was replaced by the building of the coal-fired Navajo Generating Station near Page, Arizona, in 1976.
Oborne writes that Griffith and Swanton were probably well-intentioned, and posits that they might have been caught up in a South African scheme in their search for a solution to the D'Oliveira problem.
In November, Williams was appointed temporary commander of the Palestine Brigade, which comprised his previous command, the 40th (Army) Wing, and 5th (Corps) Wing.
Defeat at the Battle of Bouvines in July 1214 marked the end of John's ambitions to retake Normandy and exacerbated the situation in England.
Following the death of "Generalleutnant" Walther Wever in an air crash, Kesselring became Chief of Staff of the "Luftwaffe" on 3 June 1936.
He began to correspond with Watt in 1766, and first met him two years later.
A viral marketing alternate reality game was employed through the Sector 7 website, which presented the film and all previous Transformers toys and media as part of a cover-up operation called "Hungry Dragon," perpetrated by a "real life" Sector 7 to hide the existence of genuine Transformers.
Aurelian repaired the Temple of Bel, and the Legio I Illyricorum was stationed in the city.
In 1987, both the National and American League Rookie of the Year Awards were renamed the "Jackie Robinson Award" in honor of the first recipient (Robinson's Major League Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 encompassed both leagues).
In addition, the deck beams and their supporting timbers are over-dimensioned and too closely spaced for the loads they carry, so they contribute too much weight to the already tall and heavy upper works.
The abilities are a jetpack; active camouflage; sprint; hologram, which creates a facsimile of the player running towards a target point; drop shield, which creates a bubble that heals those inside and protects them from a limited amount of damage; and armor lock, which immobilizes the player but grants invincibility for a brief period of time.
These raids were opposed by US, Australian and British fighters and suffered increasingly heavy casualties as Darwin's defences were improved.
With this, Ganymede became a fully differentiated body.
Georg Forster joined his father in the expedition again and was appointed as a draughtsman to his father.
Certain elements in "Barton Fink" highlight the veneer of postmodernism: the writer is unable to resolve his modernist focus on high culture with the studio's desire to create formulaic high-profit films; the resulting collision produces a fractured story arc emblematic of postmodernism.
Thirty-two passengers could be accommodated in each carriage, which had longitudinal bench seating and sliding doors at the ends, leading onto a platform for boarding and alighting.
Pericles then quelled a revolt in Byzantium and, when he returned to Athens, gave a funeral oration to honor the soldiers who died in the expedition.
The elections of 1878 returned control of both houses of Congress to the Democrats for the first time since before the Civil War.
This became especially important after the landing of U.S. Commodore Matthew Perry in Yokohama Bay.
Outside the capital area, several villages were completely cut off from their surroundings.
The corresponding Runge–Lenz vector is more complicated, where is the natural oscillation frequency and The following are arguments showing that the LRL vector is conserved under central forces that obey an inverse-square law.
Audrey then enters and tells Cooper about Ben and Laura's affair.
Rearden noted, "It seems likely that in the near half-century after the event Shikada's memory confused the raids of June 3 and June 4 ... It also seems likely that in his interview, Shikada employed selective memory in not mentioning shooting down Mitchell's PBY and then machine-gunning the crew on the water".
Porphyria was linked with legends of vampirism in 1985 and received much media exposure, but has since been largely discredited.
The car stopped to allow Keyworth—holding the bag of money—to open the gates; as it started to pull off, Lepidus grabbed the boy and tried to take the bag from him, but Keyworth held him off.
The Hofmann notes: "The playful character is shown by the extended, circling coloratura on the word 'Kreis' ('circle' or 'orb'), and the baroque sound effect of statement and response unfolds to the words 'Es schallet kräftig fort und fort' (Powerfully there rings out time after time.)"
A feeling of fatigue may last for weeks in adults.
"The New York Times" review of The New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players' 2008 season at New York City Center commented, "Gilbert's themes of class inequality, overbearing nationalism and incompetent authorities remain relevant, however absurdly treated.
But we know that, say, if we were writing something about two burglars, we'd be the burglars."
Marshall was one of the first to explore much of the range, especially the headwaters of the North fork of the Koyukuk River, where he bestowed the name "Gates of the Arctic" on a pair of mountains, Boreal Mtn.
According to H. H. Scullard, however, Octavian's power was based on the exercise of "a predominant military power and ... the ultimate sanction of his authority was force, however much the fact was disguised."
That day (11 April), the headquarters of the 3rd Army informed that of the German 2nd Army that Hungarian forces had crossed the frontier north of Osijek and near Subotica.
Although newly constructed nests may be significantly smaller, older nests can be in diameter.
"Daspletosaurus" lived in a vast floodplain along the western shore of the interior seaway.
Before non-Lutheran churches were granted toleration in 1809, clampdowns on illegal forms of worship and teaching often provoked whole groups of pietists to leave together, intent on forming their own spiritual communities in the new land.
Footman said the "Radiohead Lite" bands that followed were "missing ["OK Computer"] sonic inventiveness, not to mention the lyrical substance."
Although Beato was previously believed to have died in Rangoon or Mandalay in 1905 or 1906, his death certificate, discovered in 2009, indicates that he died on 29 January 1909 in Florence, Italy.
The guns had a maximum elevation of +15° which gave them a range of .
The increase in popular support was in part due to FRELIMO agencies' offer of help to exiled Mozambicans, who had fled the conflict by travelling to nearby Tanzania.
Many of the constellations and star names in use today derive from Greek astronomy.
Phillip Street, which runs north from the church, is home to a large number of barristers' chambers as well as the Law Society of New South Wales.
Attempts by municipal authorities to ban eruvin had failed when challenged in the federal courts, and the settlement in 2006 after a six-year battle obligated the borough to pay $325,000 for the eruv association's legal costs.
Over 50,000 people were left homeless, primarily in Mahajanga and Toliara provinces.
Mason wrote the first of these lists."
The former also tend to be larger than the latter.
She also published two volumes of poetry entitled "Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie" (1971), which was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, and "Oh Pray My Wings Are Gonna Fit Me Well" (1975).
The historian William of Malmesbury, writing in the 12th century, believed that Asser also assisted Alfred with his translation of Boethius.
Caulfield Racecourse was only a short distance from the family home, and Miller spent many early mornings watching the trainers and jockeys go through their routines.
Elements that have been detected include sodium and potassium, produced by sputtering (also found in the atmospheres of Mercury and Io); helium-4 and neon from the solar wind; and argon-40, radon-222, and polonium-210, outgassed after their creation by radioactive decay within the crust and mantle.
They had a son, Ikechukwu, on 3 December 1964, and another boy named Chidi, on 24 May 1967.
The devotion that Beatrice showed to her mother was acknowledged in the Queen's letters and journals, but her constant need for Beatrice grew stronger.
Barnes returned to Australia for the 1947–48 season, keen to win a place on the 1948 tour to England.
McSorley was known as a "heavy weather captain" who beat hell' out of the "Fitzgerald" and 'very seldom ever hauled up for weather.
The principal objectives were to inflict heavy casualties on the attacking Coalition soldiers and take prisoners of war, who Saddam Hussein theorized would be an excellent bargaining tool with the Coalition.
The interior of the palace received no less attention to detail and design than the exterior.
The Occasional Conformity Bill was revived in the wake of the storm, but Anne withheld support, fearing its reintroduction was a ruse to cause a political quarrel.
Eno visited for a few days, and understanding their attempts to deconstruct the band, he assured them that their progress was better than they thought.
One of the rare mentions of Josquin's personality survives from this time.
In particular, English-speaking people are discriminated against; protests often escalate into violent clashes and killings.
The total mass of the asteroid belt is approximately 4% that of the Moon, or 22% that of Pluto, and roughly twice that of Pluto's moon Charon (whose diameter is 1200 km).
This genus was first described in 1884 by American paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh based on a nearly complete skeleton discovered in Garden Park, Colorado, in rocks belonging to the Morrison Formation.
Djedkare probably also exploited gold mines in the Eastern Desert and in Nubia: indeed, the earliest mention of the "land of gold" – an Ancient Egyptian term for Nubia – is found in an inscription from the mortuary temple of Djedkare Isesi.
The best speed rating, or racing grade, he achieved was AAAT, the highest grade awarded at the time.
A common feature of all large regimes in the region during the period 1565–1760 is increased military fiscalism.
In ancient Greece, China, Babylon, and indeed all pre-modern civilizations, it was almost universally believed that Earth was the center of the Universe and that all the "planets" circled Earth.
The border clearers' task was aided unofficially by German civilians from both sides of the former border, who scavenged the installations for fencing, wire and blocks of concrete to use in home improvements.
CBS picked up the series for its 1974 autumn lineup.
Rohn Metal Fabricating, known for its expertise in stainless steel fabrication, played a part in the interior restoration of the "Zephyr".
Biographer Elizabeth Drew summarized Nixon as a "smart, talented man, but most peculiar and haunted of presidents".
The book was first published in 2009 by Sphinx as a follow-up on the author's article "Fuck", published in 2007 in the "Cardozo Law Review".
McCain became a vocal defender of Arizona SB 1070, the April 2010 tough anti-illegal immigration state law that aroused national controversy, saying that the state had been forced to take action given the federal government's inability to control the border.
Virginia has Amtrak passenger rail service along several corridors, and Virginia Railway Express (VRE) maintains two commuter lines into Washington, D.C. from Fredericksburg and Manassas.
In December, "It Takes a Muscle" was released as a two-track promotional single.
"Congress" arrived in the Gulf of Mexico in December 1816 and made patrols through July 1817 performing duties that Morris described as "tedious and uninteresting".
Less common colors recognized in the United States include roan and palomino.
As the sight was not stabilized, any manoeuvres to correct for misalignment interfered with the ability to measure the heading, so these corrections further extended the bomb run.
Redding wrote in his diary that they completed two songs during the October 23 session, but the second one has never been positively identified.
"Dose" magazine commented "We've been throwing light-switch raves to the RevoLucian mix all week," and "BlackBook Magazine" described it as "a brilliant club mix of Bale's meltdown that's bound to scream in your head all day".
The artwork was of variable quality, in the opinion of critic Brian Stableford; among the better covers Stableford cites the work of Brian Lewis, who supplied almost all "Science Fantasy"s cover art from 1958 through 1961.
The system has the Bayer designation Alpha Canis Majoris (α CMa).
Soon after, George meets Nicole Collard, a journalist who is photographing the scene.
Then Governor Calvin L. Rampton noted that I-70 was the longest road the U.S. had built over a completely new route since the Alaska Highway, during World War II.
His nightly appearance at an anchor desk in London gave the impression that ABC News was more dedicated to foreign news than the other networks.
As with many cities and towns in the United Kingdom, the age of a number of the buildings in Chew Stoke, including the church, school, and several houses, reflects the long history of the village.
The outcome was published on 6 November 2012, seven years after the challenge was presented.
Angry at his treatment by the Byers enquiry, Scott sought other means of pursuing his vendetta against Thorpe.
This undeclared and covert fighting between settlers and Aboriginal people has been described as the Australian frontier wars.
Then, Laguna travelled to Esthar to rescue her, at the same time he participated in Esthar's rebellion to overthrow Adel.
The PlayStation Vita version of "Rise of Mana" downloaded over 100,000 times.
The nature of government under the Angevin monarchs was ill-defined and uncertain.
It has been noted that the temperament of the golden-crowned sifaka is more volatile than that of other sifaka species and, in the case of a dispute, this animal frequently emits a grunt-like vocalization that seems to signal annoyance.
Reaching at the shoulders and in weight, the Columbian mammoth was one of the largest species of mammoth.
The ship carried of fuel oil which gave her a range of at .
Richardson founded Richardson Sports, a partnership consisting of himself, his family, and a number of businessmen from North and South Carolina were also recruited to be limited partners.
A June 24 correspondence from "The Post" clarified that both Rockwell's and Schaeffer's series would be published.
The game contains non-player characters (NPCs) with whom the player may interact by selecting dialogue choices from a menu.
A funeral service was held in the chapel at Fort Myer, Virginia, after which Groves was interred in Arlington National Cemetery next to his brother Allen, who had died of pneumonia in 1916.
During this time, Joyce's eyes began to give him more and more problems and he often wore an eyepatch.
However, the genetic diversity of peregrines in Finland is similar to other populations, indicating that high dispersal rates have maintained the genetic diversity of this species.
Type Iax supernova, that involve helium accretion by a white dwarf, have been proposed to be a channel for transformation of this type of stellar remnant.
After Chicago lost game two, Karakas returned wearing a steel-toed boot and led the Hawks to victories in games three and four, and the Stanley Cup.
Among other noble gases, krypton forms a difluoride, and radon and fluorine generate a solid suspected to be radon difluoride.
When the film reached Singapore in July 1941, it was touted as a "thrilling Malay detective story ... full of thrills and excitement from beginning to end".
McNamara managed to start the B.E.2's engine and take off, with Rutherford in the observer's cockpit.
British journalist George Orwell, present for the crackdown, wrote: "[T]he accounts of the Barcelona riots in May ... beat everything I have ever seen for lying."
A "boat-stopping crab" put pay to any chance of Oxford Brookes recovering the deficit and CUWBC won the second segment by three lengths.
Fender played in the first two Tests, without much success, and was dropped; he played only one more Test in his career.
They passed through the house with little debate, until just after third reading, when one of the backbenchers rose to ask if the time had come to speak against the bill.
The second episode brought back actress Samantha Ferris as hunter Ellen Harvelle, as well as Jeffrey Dean Morgan as John Winchester, whose previous appearance was in the season premiere.
On her sea trials in December 1936, before her reconstruction was fully completed, "Giulio Cesare" reached a speed of from .
Thought to be around 100 million years old, it is about 3300 light-years away and is around 14 light-years in diameter.
Principal members Early members Footnotes Bibliography
Lasker and Capablanca both worried that chess would suffer a "draw death" as top-level players drew more and more of their games.
Following the Allied evacuation of Gallipoli in December, the 12th Battalion returned to Egypt where Newland continued as transport officer.
The opposition team lacked effective players, and England won the five-Test series 4–0, mainly as a result of the bowling of Sydney Barnes.
Universal lent him to MGM in 1951 at a salary of $25,000 to play the lead of The Youth in "The Red Badge of Courage", directed by John Huston.
Alternatively, the player can manually release the stored item at any time.
During the night of 24 May, George II and his government were evacuated from Crete to Egypt.
Once the family had resettled in Enugu, Achebe and his friend Christopher Okigbo started a publishing house called Citadel Press, to improve the quality and increase the quantity of literature available to younger readers.
It is set in Castle Oblivion, a mysterious castle kept by Lord Marluxia.
Although she is forgiving to the point of absurdity, she is often considered more of a dupe than a martyr.
Near the mountain summits the cold was intense and sleep was quite impossible all the cold night; they could only doze beside the fire.
The Public Works Administration, a New Deal federal program, partially funded the construction of a concrete road along what is now MD 250A and MD 359 in 1935 and 1936.
The air raid killed eight Japanese; the survivors, lacking transport, were stranded.
Similarly, in 2013, of 33 Norwegian glaciers surveyed, 26 were retreating, four showed no change and three advanced.
In the "red reality", Michael and Hannah prepare for a new life in Oregon after deciding to move there.
It has an absolute magnitude of 4.4 and is located 41 light-years from Earth.
Because of this, the Romans could not let go of the reins in a crash, so they would be dragged around the circus until they were killed or they freed themselves.
By late on December 7, Pongsona developed a well-defined 55 km (35 mi) wide eye as it approached Guam.
A practical application for astatine as a cancer treatment would potentially be suitable for a "staggering" number of patients; production of astatine in the quantities that would be required remains an issue.
Taking over at their own 40-yard line after the kickoff went out of bounds, the Bulls drove down the field, scoring the game-winning touchdown on a 35-yard desperation heave from Drew Willy to wide receiver Naaman Roosevelt with no time remaining on the clock.
He justified their existence by claiming he needed fast, shallow-draught ships for his Baltic Project, a plan to invade Germany via its Baltic coast.
According to a studio publicist, Whale and Universal's studio psychiatrist decided "the Monster would have the mental age of a ten-year old boy and the emotional age of a lad of fifteen".
Pächt writes of the diptych that it reflects the "personal style and unique scenic imagination" of "Hand G" (whom he believed to be either Hubert or Jan).
In 1794, George, Prince of Wales, sought a suitable bride.
Like her sister ship , "Illinois" was still under construction at the end of World War II.
From the beginning of his tenure, he sought to distance himself from previous Directors-General and their administrations by criticising them in print and attempting to introduce new staff who had no loyalty to his predecessors.
He was engaged to appear at Astley's Theatre in Dublin, in a play by Thomas Dibdin and his brother Charles.
The nest is a neat deep cup made of soft dry grass, moss and bark.
According to a 2017 study commissioned by the Royal Mail, Sale was found to be the 4th most desirable town to reside in England.
Under the circumstances, he felt that he could not risk this.
The statistical likelihood of surviving an operational tour of 30 missions in Bomber Command was never more than 50%, but loss rates during the Battle of Berlin were far higher.
"Confusion" is a commentary on the confused state of post-colonial Lagos and its lack of infrastructure and proper leadership at the time.
By then, he had been praised by both Gates and Greene.
Although every "Treehouse of Horror" episode until "Treehouse of Horror XVI" has been released along with its season in a boxset, in 2003, "The Simpsons: Treehouse of Horror DVD" was released.
The expense of the Seven Years' War (1756–1763) had nearly doubled Britain's national debt, and as much of the war had taken place in and around North America, the British government looked for ways of directly taxing the American colonies.
As of 2015, the city's largest employers downtown are Target, Wells Fargo, HCMC, Hennepin County, Ameriprise, U.S. Bancorp, Xcel Energy, City of Minneapolis, RBC Wealth Management, the "Star Tribune", Capella Education Company, Thrivent, CenturyLink, ABM Industries, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
He also was "disturbed by scruples of infidelity" from the age of 10.
Hurricane Bob was a minimal hurricane that affected the southeast United States in July 1985.
The elongated bill has a pointed maxilla (upper beak), suited to digging out grubs from tree branches and trunks.
GamesRadar bemoaned both the "piss-poor "Adventure" characters" and the original human ones.
"New Jersey" would remain in the waters of the DMZ until after New Years, shelling Communist bunkers for ground troops until leaving to support the 1st Marine Division 3 January.
Rodents have been used as food, for clothing, as pets, and as laboratory animals in research.
Most of the studio's films are now considered lost.
The trustees received £21,170 in compensation for the Pillar's destruction, and a further sum for loss of income.
The flag may be displayed on any vehicle (other than a hearse), vessel or aircraft, and may be incorporated as part of any costume or attire, so long as this is done in a respectful manner.
Starr quit Rory Storm and the Hurricanes in January 1962 and briefly joined Sheridan in Hamburg before returning to the Hurricanes for a third season at Butlins.
In November 1829 he entered St John's College, Cambridge as a Lupton scholar.
The JAMs' promotional tactics were similarly unconventional, including the use of promotional graffiti, a guerrilla communication method which would be employed regularly by Drummond and Cauty throughout their career.
As small pockets of dry air became entrained in the eyewall, Fabian weakened slightly, passing just 14 miles (23 km) west of Bermuda on September 5 as a 120 mph (185 km/h) Category 3 hurricane.
Murdoch appointed Frank Giles to be the editor of "The Sunday Times".
As Cornelia, Dale and Jack argue about what has happened, the unknown man locks the door and orders them to be quiet.
Gernsback's recovery from the bankruptcy judgment was remarkably quick.
Banks charged a premium for circulation strikes.
The back vertebrae had rib facets level with the neural canal, and the front and back part of the transverse processes here had distinct ridges on their margins.
Lead guitarist Kirk Hammett took the album's name from a passage in Stephen King's novel "The Stand".
There were 13,000–16,500 working elephants employed in Asia in 2000.
His funeral service was held June 9, and he was interred in Crown Hill Cemetery, next to the grave of his adopted son Morrison "Izzy" Marshall.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1924, and the National Academy of Sciences in 1929.
In high power applications capacitive irises are avoided.
Three nights later, he scored a goal and an assist in a 5–2 victory over the Florida Panthers.
In 2002, Channel 4 produced "Shackleton", a TV serial depicting the 1914 expedition with Kenneth Branagh in the title role.
Perhaps responding to such concerns, George and Solomon have divided among indices of disorganized/disoriented attachment (D) in the Strange Situation, treating some of the behaviours as a 'strategy of desperation' and others as evidence that the attachment system has been flooded (e.g. by fear, or anger).
After Doyle toured with Murphy, Murphy sent a text message that said, "Sorry you can't have Al back, I'll wrestle you for him.
Hannah's "distinguished service" during the conflict was recognised with his appointment as a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in June 1959.
By contrast, the insoluble sand can be collected and recycled by street sweeping vehicles and mixed with new salt crystals to be reused in later batches of grit.
Mead concluded that only American minks inhabited the mainland and that sea minks were restricted to islands off the coast.
Atlantic Monthly Press, in cooperation with Little, Brown and Company beginning in the 1970s, republished the albums based on the British translations.
East of Eckhart Mines, Alt US 40 passes through Clarysville, where it intersects MD 55.
Non-original rendering was removed and the original stonework was revealed.
Temperatures exceed numerous times each summer, and the combination of heat and humidity can bring the humidex value to the mid-40s.
Consequently, the mansion was once again repaired.
Apart from the "galactic alignment" already having happened in 1998, the Sun's apparent path through the zodiac as seen from Earth did not take it near the true galactic center, but rather several degrees above it.
On November 4, 2003, voters approved a greenbelt plan under which the city government bought development rights on agricultural parcels of land adjacent to Ann Arbor to preserve them from sprawling development.
The corroboree appears to have a bonding function, and may involve all members of a colony.
Emerson makes these models on a custom basis under the names MV1–5, "MV" standing for "Model Viper".
As much blood as possible would then have been squeezed out of the corpse, and the whole body washed with alcohol.
Testing carried out under the National Scrapie Plan looked for the ARQ allele, which protects against the scrapie disease and is present in modern selectively bred sheep, and found it in only 1.3 per cent of North Ronaldsay sheep.
It will attack humans and large predators, usually striking the top or back of the head.
The bald eagle is an opportunistic carnivore with the capacity to consume a great variety of prey.
Only several minor sites at Chaco have evidence of the large-scale burning that would suggest enemy raids.
His death mask and a book said to be bound with his tanned skin can be seen at Surgeons' Hall Museum.
The South Africans were reportedly stunned by Meckiff's selection, giving the impression that they considered him an illegitimate bowler.
Nevertheless, Macdonald's scheme was adopted, with Canada East support assured by allowing Quebec City to serve a three-year term as the seat of government before the Assembly moved to the permanent capital.
Nixon established transition headquarters in New York, but Agnew was not invited to meet with him there until November 27, when the two met for an hour.
What remained was subsumed by the neighbouring Bedford Coffee House.
In India the film's reception was enthusiastic.
Teaser trailers were inserted on CD-ROMs into "Entertainment Weekly" issues to draw attention to the show's visual quality.
To the south of Egypt, in Lower Nubia, Nyuserre exploited the gneiss quarries of Gebel el-Asr near Aswan, which provided material for buildings and statues, as shown by a fragmentary stone stela inscribed with Nyuserre's Horus name that was discovered in a settlement adjacent to the quarries.
Beth stated that Van der Sloot's full name was given to her by the night manager at the Holiday Inn, who supposedly recognized him on a videotape.
Bladin transferred from the Army to the Air Force in 1923, and learned to fly at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria.
Glycolysis produces only 2 ATP molecules, but somewhere between 30 and 36 ATPs are produced by the oxidative phosphorylation of the 10 NADH and 2 succinate molecules made by converting one molecule of glucose to carbon dioxide and water, while each cycle of beta oxidation of a fatty acid yields about 14 ATPs.
Fanny Imlay was the daughter of the British feminist writer Mary Wollstonecraft and the American entrepreneur Gilbert Imlay.
After appearing in another Sellers film in 1962—"Waltz of the Toreadors"—Le Mesurier joined him in the 1963 comedy "The Wrong Arm of the Law".
He correctly surmised this was due to scattering of sunlight in a dense atmosphere.
The Williams Foundation, named in his honour, was launched in February 2009 "to broaden public debate on issues relating to Australian defence and security".
Edward had a close and controversial relationship with Piers Gaveston, who had joined his household in 1300.
Cyril Mountfort was responsible for the church of St Luke's in the City, which was an unexecuted design of his father's.
Mountain's proto-metal or early heavy metal hit song "Mississippi Queen" from the album "Climbing!"
Condemnation of the concession was led not by the "izinDuna", but by the other whites, particularly Tainton.
An opportunity soon appeared to act upon the notion.
CIEDRA would have opened over adjacent to the new wilderness areas to motorized vehicle use, given of public land to local municipalities, and established a "no net loss" policy for motorized trails.
To Baxter, he wrote, "I am anxious that she should be brought up ... like a philosopher, even like a cynic."
Most of the head is carved in a realistic manner, the exception being the ears.
Davies asked why the IPCC were involved if they had not realized there had been police contact.
An article in the "Baltimore Evening Sun" referred to him as "the intransigent pianist, who has set the entire musical world by the ears and who is probably the most discussed figure on the concert stage."
He and Knight return to the marl pits of New Jersey, but are forced away.
In January 2015 reports emerged of a circular structure, supposedly a meteorite crater, on the surface snow of King Baudouin Ice Shelf.
Her work had tailed off during the last few years of her life because of her illness, and as some townspeople misinterpreted the effects of the increasing doses of laudanum she was taking for the pain, there had been gossip in Lyme that she had a drinking problem.
In 2012, it was voted 211th on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time".
They may have regarded him as a threat to stability, especially after he caused a disturbance at the Second Temple.
According to the US military, Khamis received his funding and orders directly from Saddam, then still a fugitive.
Approximately of amphetamine circulating in the bloodstream is bound to plasma proteins.
Notwithstanding his cooperation, the Jay Commission issued a second report critical of Arthur and other Custom House employees, and subsequent reports urging a complete reorganization.
The basement was probably used for storage while the above two floors provided accommodation.
Parties to the UNFCCC have agreed that deep cuts in emissions are required and that global warming should be limited to well below compared to pre-industrial levels, with efforts made to limit warming to .
The team's manager, Conn Smythe, who later owned and managed the Toronto Maple Leafs, said that his team could easily defeat the Bruins—Ross's team had won only two of their first fifteen NHL games.
In 1958, Daniel Koshland suggested a modification to the lock and key model: since enzymes are rather flexible structures, the active site is continuously reshaped by interactions with the substrate as the substrate interacts with the enzyme.
Zidane, Vivi, and new joinee Freya investigate Burmecia, while Dagger and Steiner journey back to Alexandria to try to stop Brahne from starting a war.
This has a patchy or spotty appearance, with a mixture of blue and grey feathers on the head, and black and grey on the breast; birds born early in the breeding season will gain more nuptial plumage initially than those born late.
This hypothesis is supported by several lines of evidence, including binaries being very common among the large Kuiper belt objects.
As of May 2016, they are one of only six teams, the others being Manchester United, Blackburn Rovers, Chelsea, Manchester City and Leicester City, to have won the Premier League since its formation in 1992.
However, the Sailors' Committee organized on the ship after the February Revolution had ordered the engine room abandoned for fear of sinking, and she grounded on a shoal southeast of the channel because there was no one to obey the captain's order to stop.
The trip gained considerable attention from the press and gave his company publicity and a much needed sales boost in the wake of the fire.
Robert Hilburn, in a review for the "Los Angeles Times", was also disappointed that the album did not live up to "the promise of "Mechanical Animals"".
In the view of Simon Keynes it is no coincidence that they first appear immediately after the king had for the first time united England under his rule, and they show a high level of intellectual attainment and a monarchy invigorated by success and adopting the trappings of a new political order.
There are many fertility testing methods, including urine test kits that detect the LH surge that occurs 24 to 36 hours before ovulation; these are known as ovulation predictor kits (OPKs).
However, in recent years, Hawaiian residents and historians and descendants of Hawaiian combatants in the conflict have insisted on the need to remember "our boys from Hawaii".
According to van Dieren, the visitors left at about 12:15 a.m. Neighbours later reported sounds of movement and of a piano in the early morning.
Water is a stronger solvent than methane.
On 21 July, she was towed offshore, where the tow line was dropped and Commander Beck ordered six sails set (jibs, topsails, and spanker).
Ealdorman Æthelweard was a descendant of King Æthelred I, grandfather of an Archbishop of Canterbury, and patron of Ælfric of Eynsham, the one major English writer of the period who rejected the style.
By contrast, the Mensheviks believed that Russia was insufficiently developed to transition to socialism and accused Lenin of trying to plunge the new Republic into civil war.
The Spanish minister presented Kalākaua with the Order of Charles III.
More than 1000 people were out of work as a result of the damage to the papaya and sugar cane plantations.
The stallions were often available for breeding to local horses, and the first infusion of Andalusian blood was added to the native Chapman Horses.
A Game of the Year edition was announced on April 23, 2012, containing the game and all of the released downloadable content (DLC).
No seats in Congress were directly elected in the polling, but the Democrats took control of the Ohio General Assembly, allowing them to defeat for re-election one of Johnson's strongest opponents, Senator Benjamin Wade.
"Chicago Sun-Times" film critic Roger Ebert gave the film the rating of half a star out of four, and compared his screening to "taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time.
The character, Antoinette Marceau, is described by Sheldon as an amalgam of two characters from the novel.
Saint-Saëns was the first major French composer to write piano concertos.
Crawford senior was the chaplain at the recently opened Cane Hill Asylum, in the grounds of which Crawford was born.
Australia does not possess weapons of mass destruction and has ratified the Biological Weapons Convention, Chemical Weapons Convention and Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Although the group of people at risk for SAH is younger than the population usually affected by stroke, the risk still increases with age.
It would be his sixth number one LP.
It also altered the traits of the male leads to make them more appealing to contemporary viewers.
About 11% of people in prison for homicide have schizophrenia while 21% have mood disorders.
During the verses the band maintains the same chord progression as the chorus.
He was impressed by the progress which had been made there since a visit he had made in 1912 after competing in Stockholm.
Soon after Flight 825 took off, a group of ZIPRA guerrillas scored a hit on its starboard wing with a Soviet-made Strela-2 surface-to-air infrared homing missile, critically damaging the aircraft and forcing an emergency landing.
The film is based on Kathryn Stockett's 2009 novel of the same name and is set in 1960s Jackson, Mississippi.
The two argued regularly, and Blackley later accused the manager of "ripp[ing] the guts out of Looking Glass".
Other attractions that closed at about the same time as the zoo included the boating on Firework Lake, and the miniature railway.
The Alamo is now "the most popular tourist site in Texas".
The Minnesota Vikings and the Minnesota Twins have played in the state since 1961.
Behar received awards in honor of his work on the article, including the Gerald Loeb Award, the Worth Bingham Prize, and the Conscience-in-Media Award.
New characters were designed by Nomura and included Sora, Riku, Kairi, and the Heartless.
According to a "National Geographic" article, the novel is so revered in Monroeville that people quote lines from it like Scripture; yet Harper Lee herself refused to attend any performances, because "she abhors anything that trades on the book's fame".
On 26 April 1966, an F-4C from the 480th Tactical Fighter Squadron scored the first aerial victory by a U.S. aircrew over a North Vietnamese MiG-21 "Fishbed".
O'Reilly's final first-class cricket came on a four-match tour by an Australian team to New Zealand in early 1946.
Leaks in the roof caused difficulties for researchers, and the shifting of clay soil beneath caused cracks in the buildings which were expensive to repair.
The city had other cemeteries in the north, southwest and southeast, where the tombs are primarily hypogea (underground).
In a labor-intensive process, each saddle had to be crafted individually.
Vick also ran the ball 23 times for 97 yards in his performance as the game's leading rusher.
The relationship was shrouded in controversy because Anstett was white.
In the winter of 1913–14, the MCC sent a strong team to South Africa.
Late in the campaign, Daniel was named the NHL's Second Star of the Week on 30 March 2009, after recording four goals and four assists in four games, including a game-winning goal.
Four noted Brahmin writers of the Vijayanagara empire, Kumara Vyasa, Timmanna Kavi, Kumara Valmiki and Chatu Vitthalanata proliferated the "shatpadi" metre in their versions of the Hindu epics.
The building was designed by architect Frank Gehry, who accepted the design commission in April 1999; the pavilion was constructed between June 1999 and July 2004, opening officially on July 16, 2004.
Fueled by Eleanor Roosevelt’s book "It’s Up to the Women", women pushed for recognition, not just as housewives, but as the backbone to family.
The T3 was later marketed internationally with the help of the UK Trade & Investment's passport initiative – a scheme which gives new exporters the training, planning and support they need to succeed in overseas markets.
He believes that "music allows a person to express their deepest thoughts, thoughts that cannot be expressed with just words."
However, the streets grew wider as they advanced into the city's center, and the Spartans were forced further and further back.
The first was a Decree on Land, which declared that the landed estates of the aristocracy and the Orthodox Church should be nationalised and redistributed to peasants by local governments.
The Sun-grazing comets of 1668, 1689, 1702 and 1945 seem to be closely related to those of 1882 and 1965, although their orbits are not well enough determined to establish whether they broke off from the parent comet in 1106, or the previous perihelion passage before that, some time in the 3–5th centuries AD.
Medical researcher Zeynel A. Karcioglu suggests the church represents indifference to the plight of the handicapped.
Others accused Sullivan of blatant copying.
It was first found in 1986 by members of the Slovenian Karst Research Institute, who were exploring the water from Dobličica karst spring in the White Carniola region.
Todd proceeds to overpower Powell.
It was written in the immediate postwar years by the chemists, metallurgists, physicists, and administrators who had worked on the project.
Around that time, a hurricane watch was issued for the island of Bermuda, which was later upgraded to a warning.
Judicial oratory had become a significant literary genre by the second half of the fifth century, as represented in the speeches of Demosthenes' predecessors, Antiphon and Andocides.
With several other members of his family, including Queen Olga, he went into exile in Italy and his eldest son succeeded him for a few months on the throne as George II.
While a wary Batman watches over the activities in Arkham City, the Joker is dying from his consumption of Titan.
The initial rotation rate is more uncertain, but models with slow to moderate initial rotation rates produce the best matches to Betelgeuse's current properties.
Little survives, although earlier drawings contain details of mouldings that suggest the structure was built in the 12th century, perhaps by Henry II or King John.
At the end of the show, the lights on stage spelled out "CC" for Chris Cornell and "SG" for Soundgarden as feedback rang out.
Between 22 September and 1 October, he flew ten combat missions in Sabres with the 336th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, dogfighting with MiG-15s on several occasions and damaging one.
Both Young and Smith led their respective team in rushing yards.
Nicholas Rodney Drake (19 June 1948 – 25 November 1974) was an English singer-songwriter and musician, known for his acoustic guitar-based songs.
The Brooklands Sports Club is home to Brooklands Cricket Club, Brooklands Manchester University Hockey Club, and Brooklands Hulmeians Lacrosse Club.
A drop of ammonium hydroxide solution turns the cap cuticle a greenish to bluish colour.
The Allied command structure was soon put under strain by Australian reverses in the Kokoda Track campaign.
After reading an NOI book with 34 riddles, known as the "Lost-Found Lessons", John 37X concluded that numbers represented specific concepts, such as knowledge or wisdom.
MacArthur's relief "left a lasting current of popular sentiment that in matters of war and peace, the military really knows best", a philosophy which became known as "MacArthurism".
Coalition and Afghan government plans include the construction of a local mosque, the rebuilding of a district centre, police buildings, schools, and the repair of the electricity infrastructure.
Arnett and his colleague, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and photographer Malcolm Browne, were later accosted by police at their office and taken away for questioning on suspicion of attacking police officers.
Despite this failure, his reputation among the Armenian people remains high.
They were, by their own account, towed back to England by the AA.
A few of his recordings have subsequently been reissued on compact disc, including the Decca and Columbia Vaughan Williams recordings from 1936 and 1938.
During his time as abbot Foliot became friendly with Aelred of Rievaulx, a writer and later saint, who dedicated a book of sermons to him.
The journalist and writer Matthew Parker observes that with the defections of the two spies so recent to the publication, it was "perhaps the closest Fleming came to a [John] le Carré-style spy story".
He concluded the letters by describing himself as the commander of "Kansas First Guerrillas" and requesting that local newspapers publish his replies.
The family initially lived with another, but then resided over a store which Hugh Mcdonald ran.
The glaciers that have been advancing in a few locations in New Zealand have been doing so due to transient local weather conditions, which have brought more precipitation and cloudier, cooler summers since 2002.
Possibly, Villiers and William were not meeting as lovers but to exchange diplomatic intelligence.
Lobes of expelled matter extend out to .
In other species, the nymph rises to the surface, bursts out of its skin, remains quiescent for a minute or two resting on the exuviae (cast skin) and then flies upwards, and in some, the nymph climbs out of the water before transforming.
The climate was warmer than present-day Alberta, without frost, but with wetter and drier seasons.
Payne had granted Etty complete freedom in the creation of the piece, but Etty had done little with the notion until, stung by "The Morning Chronicle"'s criticism, he decided to return to the theme, completing it in 1832.
The Formartine and Buchan Way runs from Dyce to Maud before dividing to follow the two branches to Peterhead and Fraserburgh.
However, the less difficult note tracks were seen to be a welcoming benefit for newcomers to the series as well as those attempting to sing along with the harmony portions of the game.
Latin transliteration: Old Norse transcription: English translation: There are seven runestones in Södermanland that relate of voyages to Greece.
By 1980, Taito had sold over 300,000 "Space Invaders" arcade machines in Japan and to 60,000 machines in the United States, where prices ranged from $2000 to $3000 for each machine, within one year.
He served as parochial vicar for Father van Driessche, one of his teachers from Xaverius.
It is also known that Chinese trade ships traveling to Japan set sail from the various ports along the coasts of Zhejiang and Fujian provinces.
In the fourth quarter, Taylor scored his fourth touchdown and backup quarterback Matt Nordgren scored on an odd play where he was hit and fumbled while scrambling for the goal line but the ball traveled forward at about the same speed he was running and bounced right back up into his hands.
In addition, civilians who had been recruited by the SRD's SEMUT 2 team (which had been parachuted into Borneo during April) provided intelligence on the size and movements of Labuan's garrison force.
They met regularly until the beginning of the First World War, and members stimulated one another with intellectual argument and performances of their works.
The Acts of Union 1707 united the two countries into the Kingdom of Great Britain and in 1708 the Parliament of Great Britain abolished the Privy Council of Scotland.
A temporary injunction was granted against "The Progressive" to prevent the publication of an article by activist Howard Morland that purported to reveal the "secret" of the hydrogen bomb.
The original backstop which consisted of several steel poles was upgraded to a steel cable system, eliminating most of the poles.
Unlike most of their precursors, they also require a formidable playing technique.
Schizotypal personality disorder has symptoms that are similar but less severe than those of schizophrenia.
African elephants are listed as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) while the Asian elephant is classed as endangered.
The movement spawned perhaps a thousand heavy metal bands, but only a few survived the advent of MTV and the rise of the more commercial glam metal in the second half of the 1980s.
It would leave gaps that could only be bridged through titles.
The pursuing British battlecruisers were steaming at , and quickly caught up to the German ships.
Dunstan's support of the arts and fine dining was credited by commentators with attracting artists, craftspeople and writers into the state, helping to change its atmosphere.
This was the impact of the Holocaust, this was a family like my family, like your family and so you could understand this."
Mustelids have never colonised Stewart Island/Rakiura, but feral cats were present.
Between 1820 and 1829 Etty exhibited 15 paintings, of which 14 depicted nudes.
Surratt was executed with three others, including Atzerodt, on July 7, 1865.
Some cast members portray alternate versions of their characters, including John Noble, Lance Reddick, and Jasika Nicole.
He responded to accusations of creating a conspiracy theory by saying he believes the alleged use of fear as a force in politics is not the result of a conspiracy but rather the subjects of the film "have stumbled on it."
com stated the remastered version "absolutely" made up for the lacklustre initial release and praised its high video and audio quality; however, he criticised the continued lack of special features.
While the second season was airing, the writer-producers confirmed in the April 3, 2006 edition of the Official "Lost" Podcast that Frogurt would appear in the late second season, however, he was merely mentioned once.
Humans in good health excrete urine that is largely free of protein.
Marshal Zhukov was rewarded for his support with full membership in the Presidium, but Khrushchev feared his popularity and power.
These were published by a father and son operating under the name of Albing Publications; they had almost no capital, but persuaded Donald Wollheim to edit the magazine for no salary at all, with no budget for fiction.
Toronto won the game 13–0, the last time a team has been shut out in a Grey Cup game.
Maddy announces to her Uncle Leland (Ray Wise) and Aunt Sarah (Grace Zabriskie) that she is leaving Twin Peaks to return to her home in Missoula, Montana.
McNamara supported a much lighter system that would use only 1200 missiles.
Beginning in 1901, Nielsen received a modest state pension – initially 800 kroner per annum, growing to 7,500 kroner by 1927 – to augment his violinist's salary.
After the primary election in June 2009, Governor Corzine signed into law A.3902, a bill from the state legislature that sought to clarify a vague passage in the state constitution concerning a gubernatorial candidate's selection of a running mate.
The cycle consists of sixteen sonatas (thirteen of which are cast in binary form, the remaining three in ternary form) and four more freely structured interludes.
At a site of lesion, PCNA is ubiquitinated, or modified, by the RAD6/RAD18 proteins to provide a platform for the specialized polymerases to bypass the lesion and resume DNA replication.
The son of Hiram Martin Evans, a judge, and his wife, Georgia Evans, the younger Evans graduated from Vanderbilt University.
The Chalukya era may be seen as the beginning of the fusion of cultures of northern and southern India, making way for the transmission of ideas between the two regions.
In 1949, an intentional release known as the "Green Run" released 8,000 curies of iodine-131 over two days.
Game Revolution highlighted the game's semi-realistic look, saying that it "adds to the depth and addiction of the game".
Mushrooms are mostly found during hot spells in summer and autumn, growing in mycorrhizal association with various broad-leaved trees and sclerophyllous shrubs, especially oak ("Quercus"), beech ("Fagus"), chestnut ("Castanea"), strawberry trees ("Arbutus"), treeheath ("Erica"), and rockrose ("Cistus"), showing a preference for acid soils.
In July 1943, she broke down and was brought to Genoa for repair and a refit.
By this time, however, North Korean logistics had been stretched to their limit, and resupply became increasingly difficult.
Economists Laurence Kotlikoff and Sabine Jokisch reported the incentive to work and save would increase; by 2030, the economy's capital stock would increase by 43.7% over the current system, output by 9.4%, and real wages by 11.5%.
However, it is difficult to precipitate uranium as phosphate in the presence of excess carbonate at alkaline pH. A "Sphingomonas" sp.
No. 18 Squadron was formed in the same month as Northolt and equipped with Bleriot Experimental biplanes, whose slow speed led to heavy losses in combat with the German Fliegertruppe.
This depletion is a result of precipitation of these elements into the interior of the planet.
According to Motion, "St Bride's" is recognisably based on Somerville College, Oxford.
Within the blocks, the ore deposits tend to occur in nearly vertical mineralized faults or fault zones in the rhyolite.
Scouts and Guides were later split into "junior" and "senior" sections in many member organizations, and some organizations dropped the young adults' section.
While the idea of national symbols was strange to the Japanese, the Meiji Government needed them to communicate with the outside world.
However, Janensch assigned this species to "Megalosaurus", not to "Ceratosaurus"; therefore, this name might be a simple copying error.
Love It to Death is the third studio album by the American rock band Alice Cooper, released in March 1971.
He died after an illness in 1873.
Elijah Davidson, a resident of nearby Williams, discovered the cave in 1874.
When Laguna is forced to leave Winhill to find Ellone, Kiros accompanies him, helping him earn money as an amateur actor to fund the expedition.
Some climatologists have criticized the attention that the popular press gives to "warmest year" statistics.
At the age of 17, he weighed only ().
Thousands of Australians who were ineligible for service in the military responded to the threat of attack by joining auxiliary organisations such as the Volunteer Defence Corps and Volunteer Air Observers Corps, which were modelled on the British Home Guard and Royal Observer Corps respectively.
There are no records of her voyages during this time, although Brian Hicks, in his study of the affair, asserts that Gove tried hard to make a success of her.
If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane.
The British television premiere of the video was extremely controversial.
Of those over 16 years old, 30.9% were single (never married) and 50.0% married.
He offered the Senators $60,000 for Walter Johnson, but Washington owner Clark Griffith was unwilling.
It has been suggested that salamanders arose separately from a Temnospondyl-like ancestor, and even that caecilians are the sister group of the advanced reptiliomorph amphibians, and thus of amniotes.
Barbera's first foray into television was a 1957 collaboration with Robert D. Buchanan, "Colonel Bleep".
Lithophile heavy metals are mainly f-block elements and the more reactive of the d-block elements.
Species recorded visiting the fungus include stingless bees of the genus "Trigona", and flies of the families Drosophilidae and Muscidae.
Although the wild population is in decline because of predation by feral animals and habitat loss caused by human agricultural development, the numbers of iguanas have been bolstered as a result of captive-breeding and other conservation programs.
There was one death in the state, when an elderly woman was knocked over by the strong winds and died two weeks later.
In the field of epistemology, he is known for his critique of the well known "brain in a vat" thought experiment.
The play influenced several jazz works, including Peggy Lee's "Fever".
The election resulted in a hung parliament, with the Liberal government dependent on the support of the third largest party, the Irish nationalists.
Moderate to heavy rainfall fell across western Florida, peaking at 6.14 inches (156 mm) near Bradenton; the rainfall was beneficial after a very dry summer, though, because it fell quickly, even this amount of precipitation failed to relieve water restrictions across the area.
While trout sold commercially in Europe is often prepared and served this way, most trout sold commercially in the U.S. have had heads removed and have been fully or partially deboned and filleted.
"Moltke" and combined their fire to badly damage "Lion" over the next hour, even with "Princess Royal" attacking "Derfflinger".
The bonding is expected to be provided by a 7p electron of tennessine and the 1s electron of hydrogen.
A Maurice Joshua remix edit of the song was released in Australia two weeks later.
The John B. Pierce Foundation were brought in as a consultant.
A degree of domestic authority, and all foreign policy, remain with the UK Parliament in Westminster.
A fourth steelbook featuring Catwoman was released, containing the "Batman: Earth One" alternative skin for Batman.
Al-Kharrat was offered the release of his son in exchange for his own surrender, but refused.
Daniel Knauf would have written Brother Justin as a man "with an inoperable chunk of shrapnel near his heart", which the anointed blade had caused in the final season 2 episode.
Wilson's ministers deliberately stonewalled Smith during mid-1965, hoping to eventually break him down, but this only caused the Rhodesian hierarchy to feel yet more alienated.
Perhaps a dozen contemporary numismatists collected three-dollar pieces; those who were serious ordered proof coins from the Mint.
Although Æthelwulf was a subking under Ecgberht, it is clear that he maintained his own royal household, with which he travelled around his kingdom.
"Cortez the Killer", a cover of the Neil Young song by the same name, was recorded on March 3, 1989, during a live performance in Chicago.
The construction site had, even then, become a magnet for tourists; the high scalers were prime attractions and showed off for the watchers.
Ron Harper and James Naughton played Alan Virdon and Peter Burke, two 20th-century American astronauts who pass through a time warp to a future where apes subjugate humans (unlike the original film, the humans can speak).
The launching of the first pair of ships was postponed by six months because of these changes, plus delays imposed by the many ship orders already in hand.
Cooper's twenty-year friendship with Ernest Hemingway began at Sun Valley in October 1940.
His kindness comes up in conversations with many MLB players.
During the course of their research, Fincher and Fischer hired Gerald McMenamin, a forensic linguistics expert and professor of linguistics at California State University Fresno, to analyze the Zodiac's letters.
The father–child theme also plays out through Mac's relationship with the young band members, who say that he has been an inspiration to them, playing a paternal role in their lives before they even met him.
Volcanic eruptions eject large amounts of carbon into the air.
Nonetheless, she studied genetics at Vermont's Bennington College between 1939 and 1941 without completing a degree.
On March 24, 1928, in the final game of the regular season, Morenz earned two assists, tying the then-NHL record for assists in a season with 18 and becoming the first player to score 50 points in a season, finishing with 51.
He identified them as specimens of the northern white-crowned tapaculo ("S. atratus"), despite size and colour differences, and sent them to the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C.
The vice of imagism was that it did not recognize this."
Kishimoto identified Naruto's fights alongside Sasuke against Momoshiki as the highlights of the film and asked that the film's staff pay close attention to those sequences.
These included books by former slaves Ottobah Cugoano and Olaudah Equiano, who had published influential works on slavery and the slave trade in 1787 and 1789 respectively.
The initial shipment of games in Japan sold out within days of the release date.
Gillian noted that in her mother's adventure, detective and school stories for older children, "the hook is the strong storyline with plenty of cliffhangers, a trick she acquired from her years of writing serialised stories for children's magazines.
He was made captain of the team, but his Birmingham career was dogged by a series of disagreements with Francis.
The families were later expelled for violating these conditions.
The nuclear weapons were handmade devices, and a great deal of work remained to improve their ease of assembly, safety, reliability and storage before they were ready for production.
He read the law and was admitted to the bar in 1806.
The footage was considered for the closing sequence of the film, but the band eventually decided against including it.
The USCG took the position that only the captain could decide when it was safe to sail.
When finally forced to try the ringleaders, they intimidated witnesses and made a mockery of the trial proceedings.
The Hoffes claim the papers are their personal property, while the National Library argues they are "cultural assets belonging to the Jewish people".
The highway from SR 1 to SR 60 in Diamond Bar is officially designated as the Orange Freeway.
His final work, in around 1710, was for Nairne House, for the Jacobite Lord Nairne.
George VI's coronation at Westminster Abbey took place on 12 May 1937, the date previously intended for Edward's coronation.
The government accepted these notes as valid for payment of taxes and tariffs, but unlike ordinary dollars, they were not redeemable in gold.
The Australian Government was not informed of the cruiser's involvement in this operation prior to the battle and complained to the British Government.
Instead, Ballard points out that the hull is in relatively good condition; he states simply that ""Bismarck" did not implode."
The release date for "Endgame" was announced on the Megadeth official website, and "Metal Hammer" was the first to review the album track-by-track.
The Latham brothers and their father, Woodville, had retained the services of former Edison employee Eugene Lauste and then, in April 1895, Dickson himself to develop a film projection system.
The roles returned for some women in the 1980s, although they allowed for more flexibility than before Stonewall.
Her performance earned her the Marcello Mastroianni Award for Best Emerging Actress at the Venice Film Festival.
Either way, the conservation value of the reserve would be adversely affected, especially through the potential loss of the bitterns.
After a slow journey around the coast, the final port of call was Vardø, in the far north-east of Norway.
"Rolling Stone" remarks upon her polite manner: "If this is Swift's game face, it must be tattooed on because it never drops."
He led the league in shutouts with four and was second in games started with 34, second in innings pitched with 274.7, third in wins, and third in complete games with 21.
Novices may mistake juvenile death caps for edible puffballs or mature specimens for other edible "Amanita" species, such as "A. lanei", so some authorities recommend avoiding the collecting of "Amanita" species for the table altogether.
He joined the British Army the following year, being commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Engineers on 21 December 1904.
"Courageous" was decommissioned after the war, then rebuilt as an aircraft carrier during the mid-1920s.
He told "Melody Maker": "Our new album will be better than "Pet Sounds".
Potential sources of heavy metal poisoning include mining, tailings, industrial wastes, agricultural runoff, occupational exposure, paints and treated timber.
The county and municipal divisions of the capital cities were governed by a Prefect ("Ling" 令).
In addition, the Commonwealth has the power to levy income tax which, coupled with the power to make grants to States, has given it the financial means to incentivize States to pursue specific legislative agendas within areas over which the Commonwealth does not have legislative power.
There is indeed a great danger that we shall be too late".
An army commanded by Caxias crossed into Uruguay in September 1851.
He failed to win the Whig nomination for president in 1852; he gained the endorsement of the nativist Know Nothing Party four years later, and finished third in that election.
The pilot episode also brought in a nomination for a Golden Reel Award in the category of "Best Sound Editing in Television: Short Form – Sound Effects and Foley", with work on the episode "Salvation" gaining the same nomination in 2007.
The 23rd episode also reused scenes from "Animal Crackers", including the stolen diamond plot and Groucho's lines regarding the need for a seven-cent nickel.
Major W. P. Cornelius became the construction officer responsible for K-25 works on 31 July 1943.
Governor Bellmon publicly criticized Forsythe for focusing on concerns beyond USACE's jurisdiction.
On April 10, 1924, the Goldwyn Company officially agreed to merge with Metro Pictures, putting von Stroheim's nemesis Thalberg directly in charge of "Greed".
The squadron remained at Butterworth during the 1960s, providing regional air defence during the "Konfrontasi" between Indonesia and Malaysia.
The Veerashaiva writers, devotees of the Hindu god Shiva, wrote about his 25 forms in their expositions of Shaivism.
Oliver was confirmed by Congress on April 20 and relieved Pollock as governor.
Further, while the first generation of Early Netherlandish painters benefited from the patronage of the newly emerging middle class, secularising portraiture, and removing it from the preserve of royalty, Christus renders the girl as aristocratic, haughty, sophisticated, and exquisitely dressed.
In a 1994 interview, McCartney said, "looking back on it, I think, Okay.
This remained a record until 1972 when Pat Pocock took seven wickets in 11 balls.
She secretly works on a security console in the barracks in an attempt to contact "Voyager" but is caught.
The present captain is Jordan Henderson, who replaced Gerrard in the 2015–16 season following Gerrard's move to LA Galaxy.
The biopsychosocial model proposes that biological, psychological, and social factors all play a role in causing depression.
Circulation continued to fall, and Bernhard refused to consider Mavor's request to undertake a subscription drive, which might have helped.
Stretching from 475 CE to Priestley's present, he tracked and explained what he saw as the history of Christianity and its "corruptions", referencing his own "An History of the Corruptions of Christianity" (1772–74).
The following state parks are within of Black Moshannon State Park:
Development in the area has continued since the construction of a restaurant in 1912.
The numberplate for No. 36001 is located in the National Railway Museum, although a locomotive builder's plate intended for the locomotive, but never fitted in service, was sold at auction in 2008.
Although generally dwarfed by explosion-dominated eruptions, the average flow rate at these compound flow fields is much greater than what is observed at similar contemporary lava flows on Earth.
The show reached most young children in almost all demographic groups.
Uncharacteristically, he dropped two catches during the First Test at Lord's, but he scored an unbeaten half-century.
At 20:00, the withdrawal began under cover of an artillery bombardment and was accomplished largely unmolested.
In later life, Maylam focused his attentions on exploring his family history, privately publishing "Maylam Family Records" in 1932, before dying in 1939.
The woody separator is the same shape as the seed, with an impression where the seed body lies next to it.
Madonna and Timberlake start singing the chorus with Timberlake singing the line of "We've only got four minutes to save the world".
Contrary to current popular belief, there were no common "codes" used by conductors.
The song is also the topic of Italian poet Giovanni Pascoli's "La Capinera" [The Blackcap].
The structural chemistry of boron is dominated by its small atomic size, and relatively high ionization energy.
In the last part of the inquest held after the sinking, a group of master shipwrights and senior naval officers were asked for their opinions about why the ship sank.
Gō felt readers could empathize with the characters in "Naruto" via their inner monologue during battles.
The Senate quickly confirmed Hughes, but then Chief Justice Fuller died on July 4, 1910.
Their marriage, which lasted almost twenty years until William's death, was a happy one.
The contradictory nature of the reports prompted Kennedy's famous query, "You two did visit the same country, didn't you?"
This is the only noted time in the club's history where the traditional deep blue, red and white combination was absent from the jersey.
The chain of craters has been the subject of several writers and naturalists.
Birds seen on the moor include merlin, peregrine falcon, Eurasian curlew, European stonechat, dipper, Dartford warbler and ring ouzel.
Benson sees no racial discrimination in the relationship between the two men and acknowledges that Bond feels genuine remorse and sadness at Quarrel's death.
Holden also served on the fire watch at St Paul's Cathedral between 1915 and 1917.
He felt that it was likely that once newspapers got wind of his travels, they would give him ample coverage.
By 1836, Fillmore was confident enough of anti-Jackson unity that he accepted the Whig nomination for Congress.
Juan de Villagutierre Soto-Mayor was a Spanish colonial official who first held the post of relator of the Royal Chancery of Vallodalid and later as that of the Council of the Indies.
This provoked counter-attacks on native villages.
In October 1604, he assumed the title "King of Great Britain" by proclamation rather than by statute, though Sir Francis Bacon told him that he could not use the style in "any legal proceeding, instrument or assurance" and the title was not used on English statutes.
It took a prodigy from Cuba, José Raúl Capablanca (World Champion 1921–1927), who loved simple positions and endgames, to end the German-speaking dominance in chess; he was undefeated in tournament play for eight years, until 1924.
Nerone enters and confides that he intends to displace Ottavia and marry Poppea.
One of the main reasons the Mormons were able to colonize Arizona was the existence of Jacob Hamblin's ferry across the Colorado at Lee's Ferry (then known as Pahreah Crossing), which began running in March 1864.
Historian David Coplan writes that the "African jazz" made popular by Makeba and others was "inherently hybridized" rather than derivative of any particular genre, blending as it did marabi and jazz, and was "Americanized African music, not Africanized American music."
Polk regarded the treatment of his diplomat as an insult and an "ample cause of war", and he prepared to ask Congress for a declaration of war.
Promoted captain, he returned to France in April 1918, having transferred the same month with the rest of the RFC to the newly formed Royal Air Force (RAF).
After this, she was selected as Labour's candidate for the constituency of Middlesbrough East.
Schwimmer noted no theropod dinosaurs in "Deinosuchus"'s eastern range approached its size, indicating the massive crocodilian could have been the region's apex predator.
The invitation was controversial, as his behavioural and substance abuse issues had become increasingly public in previous months.
The campaign began on 16 February 1942, and continued until 9 March.
Although impressed with the script, she initially had some qualms about doing the film, which she believed could deliver an anti-feminist message.
MacDonald characterises the beginning of the track as "blithely unorthodox", with two staccato guitars – one panned left and one right – playing the dominant against the subdominant of an F major ninth chord, with the tonic C resolving as the verse begins.
Chase may have been influenced in his decision by the motto of his alma mater, Brown University, "In Deo Speramus" (In God We Hope).
Their findings led the Bavarian government to begin a programme of buying land along the border to ensure its protection from development.
Paul continues to clean, but sees the bullethole in the cushion, and then the suitcase being lowered outside the window.
Marshall persuaded a number of villagers, most of whom were single males, to take intelligence tests.
The planners designed 326 large homes that each faced a tree-lined, paved boulevard.
Excessive stick-out distance may cause the wire electrode to prematurely melt, causing a sputtering arc, and may also cause the shielding gas to rapidly disperse, degrading the quality of the weld.
Another 800 employees work either permanently or seasonally for the National Park Service.
Hughes concludes his chapter on Sullivan's orchestration: "[I]n this vitally important sector of the composer's art he deserves to rank as a master."
In December 2012, the French government placed 100 police and firefighters around both Bugarach and Pic de Bugarach, limiting access to potential visitors.
Tight security was instituted for this operation, and more junior personnel who needed to be informed were told that their units were being transferred to Egypt.
Although he did not participate in any of the ten statehood conventions that sought to separate Kentucky from Virginia, he supported the idea in principle.
He was released on September 26, 2008, and was expected to make a full recovery.
Tony Tenser, the founder and chief executive of Tigon, had read Bassett's book while it was still in galley form and purchased the rights on impulse before publication.
Branches or "orgs" were organized as franchises, rather like a fast food restaurant chain.
One of the barges traveled across the Long Island Sound and ran aground near Port Jefferson, New York.
The possibility of a YF-23-based interim bomber ended with the 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review, which favored a long-range bomber with much greater range.
Young grey jays leave the nest between 22 and 24 days after hatching, after which the third bird begins to participate in foraging and feeding.
After the second day of release, the album's Tamil version reached the number one position in the Top 10 World Albums chart on iTunes, making it the first Tamil album to do so.
During his career contemporaries saw both negative and positive sides to Walpole's outgoing nature and desire to be in the public eye.
Lad obeys the Law in part because of his heredity as a purebred, and the Master considers himself a thoroughbred due to his having certain "race characteristics that are ingrained in his blood."
Among the writing systems of the Pre-Columbian New World, Maya script most closely represents the spoken language.
Howe served in this capacity between 1766 and 1767, and again between 1769 and 1773.
"Ryūjō"s aircraft bombed the small ports of Cocanada and Vizagapatam on the southeastern coast of India the next day, doing little damage, in addition to claiming two ships sunk and six more damaged during the day.
They described it as "a dark, dusty and empty place", but said that the "elegant" arcade "rises from the graveyard like an abstract sculpture."
"PC Zone" recommended the game, calling it highly refreshing; Total Video Games said the game seemed a good choice, but suggested that it would be outdone by GT Interactive's "Driver", released soon after.
The "C. sativus" clone was slowly propagated throughout much of Eurasia, later reaching parts of North Africa, North America, and Oceania.
It generally does poorly in eastern Australia, although it is grown commercially in southeastern South Australia as a cut flower crop.
An additional way for consuls to exercise particular policies was the awarding of a privileged status and protection to various individuals, who were known as "sudiți" ("subjects", in the language of the time) of one or the other of the foreign powers.
Under orders from the Kaiser to not risk the fleet, von Ingenohl broke off the engagement and turned the battlefleet back towards Germany.
NeXT withdrew from the hardware business in 1993 and the company was renamed NeXT Software Inc; consequently, 300 of the 540 staff employees were laid off.
In general, "fady" extend beyond a sense of the forbidden, but can include events that bring bad luck.
Telugu literature owes its growth to the Eastern Chalukyas.
The alarm call doubles up as a warning to intruders, although serious threats evoke a "kyar", given as a tern takes flight, and quietens the usually noisy colony while its residents assess the danger.
With the exceptions of Victors 71 and 94, the others were applied some time in August 1945.
These techniques, especially multiple sequence alignment, are used in studying phylogenetic relationships and protein function.
Summers are hot and dry with daytime temperatures around 41 °C (106 °F) and nights no lower than 29 °C (84 °F).
He travelled the world, visiting many areas of the British Empire.
The Nazi influence behind Heiter led to the use of classical music when the doctor is "training" his centipede.
He excitedly relayed this information to his wife over the radio at 12:30 p.m., promising to make contact again at 4:30 p.m.
But even though a number of feasible options exist, a slight difference in alloy composition can strongly impact the properties of the resulting weld.
In August 1792, the radical factions ordered his arrest.
According to scholar Yasmin Y. DeGout, literature also affected Angelou's sensibilities as the poet and writer she became, especially the "liberating discourse that would evolve in her own poetic canon".
Fiction House's first title with sf interest was "Jungle Stories", which was launched in early 1939; it was not primarily a science fiction magazine, but often featured storylines with marginally science fictional themes, such as survivors from Atlantis.
Henry had conducted a campaign in South Wales in 1108, pushing out royal power in the region and colonising the area around Pembroke with Flemings.
In the city the population was spread out with 29.4% ages 19 years and under, 44.1% from 20 to 39, 15.9% from 40 to 59, 8.0% from 60 to 79, and 2.5% who were 80 years of age or older.
When the son refused, he was found dead the following day.
US 113 runs from Selbyville at the Maryland state line to Milford, a city that lies in both Sussex and Kent counties.
The following year, the Scarrow-penned episode " vied with "", written by James Hurst and Miklos Perlus for the "Best Youth Script Award".
In the Arab world, mausoleums of rulers are more likely to be a side-room inside a mosque or form part of a larger complex containing perhaps a hospital, "madrasah" or library.
A few weeks later the U–boat threat expected so many months before arrived, as submarines surfaced among the undefended fishing fleets and used dynamite to destroy dozens of them after releasing the crews in small boats.
Negi was presented with the Victoria Cross by King George V during a visit to troops in France.
The match began badly for Australia's inexperienced attack as the South African openers Jackie McGlew and Trevor Goddard put on an opening stand of 176.
As Sanford greeted Goebel's friends, he offered his left hand, his right remaining on a pistol in his pocket.
As it was a fledgling program, few students tried out for the basketball team, and Robinson even resorted to inserting himself into the lineup for exhibition games.
One scene, in which Mulder infiltrates the Air Force base, had already been rewritten to change its daytime setting to night; the rising sun forced the scene to be filmed as originally conceived.
In an interview published in "Daily News and Analysis", Chopra said that she did not mind travelling regularly and changing schools; she welcomed it as a new experience and a way to discover India's multicultural society.
Over the next few days, Garfield made some improvement, as the nation viewed the news from the capital and prayed.
The Americans were also concerned about the establishment of Lord Selkirk’s colony as well as British claims to the Red River Valley.
In architecture, Sir John Vanbrugh constructed Blenheim Palace and Castle Howard.
Among the park's 107 bird species are great horned owls, cactus wrens, ravens, kestrels, turkey vultures, roadrunners, woodpeckers, hawks, quails, and hummingbirds, and one threatened species, the Mexican spotted owl.
However, ESA delisting seems unlikely due to a precipitous population decline recorded in the spring 2017 USGS sea otter survey count, from the 2016 high of 3,615 individuals to 2,688, a loss of 25% of the California sea otter population.
A version for Android was released on July 7, 2016.
According to the biographical dictionary of Ibn Khallikan, he was "a resolute prince, displaying great foresight in war, and a close attention to the prosperity of his empire; he treated the military class with honour and governed with ability and justice".
The base stands high and is made of black-lacquered aluminum with silver plates engraved with the names of each winning team's players and executives since 1909.
Where these various niches overlap is known as an ecotone.
On September 5, the mayor of Hickman, Kentucky, a small western town along the Mississippi River, telegraphed the state board of health, informing them that yellow fever had reached epidemic levels in the city and requesting that Blackburn be sent to them as soon as possible.
Palms (Arecaceae) have around 200 species in Madagascar (most in the large genus "Dypsis"), more than three times as many as in continental Africa; all but five are endemic.
On 30 March, thirty-three Halifax bombers attacked the ship; they scored no hits, and five aircraft were shot down.
When rescue teams tried to help her, they realized that her legs were trapped under her house's roof.
Stephen Root, Hartman's "NewsRadio" co-star, felt that few people knew "the real Phil Hartman" as he was "one of those people who never seemed to come out of character," but he nevertheless gave the impression of a family man who cared deeply for his children.
Hermann Detzner participated in a joint British-German scientific and surveying expedition to Kamerun in 1908 and 1909 and again in 1912–1913.
When the attack began on 9 May 1915, the French XXXIII Army Corps made significant territorial gains.
After Justus' departure from Northumbria, a new king, Oswald, invited missionaries from the Irish monastery of Iona, who worked to convert the kingdom.
After conceiving the idea of the film, Asif visited Naushad and handed him a briefcase containing money, telling him to make "memorable music" for "Mughal-e-Azam".
The fastest-moving plates are the oceanic plates, with the Cocos Plate advancing at a rate of and the Pacific Plate moving .
He engaged Düsseldorf attorney, and later state minister, to lobby high German officials to get them to advocate Speer's release.
A15-202 was handed over to the Australian War Memorial in April 2016, A15-104 will be displayed at the Australian Army Flying Museum and the former Air Force helicopter A15-106 was transferred to the RAAF Museum.
SF authors and historians Brian Aldiss and David Wingrove summarize "Galaxy" history by saying that it lasted for "thirty mainly glorious years": it "brought into the sunlight a number of excellent satirists, comedians and ironists" and, through the influence of its reduced focus on technology, played an important role in attracting women to write science fiction.
Shaw was reluctant to take the role since he did not like the book, but decided to accept at the urging of both his wife, actress Mary Ure, and his secretary—"The last time they were that enthusiastic was "From Russia with Love".
However, the names of the Galilean satellites fell into disfavor for a considerable time, and were not revived in common use until the mid-20th century.
"U2 3D" was recognized favorably after its release, earning several awards.
Rock journalist Mick Wall wrote that "Whiplash" signified the birth of thrash metal, stating: "If one wishes to identify the very moment thrash metal arrived spitting and snarling into the world, 'Whiplash' is indisputably it."
The betting company Coral were announced as the stand's sponsors in August 2015.
Alternatively, Cinemablend.com's Jessica Rawden found the video to be "satsifying".
She wrote: "We are in need of unhampered growth out of old traditions and habits.
He was a devout Roman Catholic.
Scott was not the only man courting Zelda, and the competition only drove Scott to want her more.
In 2005, a tribute album, "A Tribute to Elliott Smith", was released.
The mortally ill Pierce was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Carruth on 22 February and C Squadron joined the regiment at Helwan on 5 March.
Like these predecessors, Brandon's heroic stature derives from her ["sic"] unwillingness to compromise her ["sic"] identity … Pierce ["sic"] presents Brandon's struggles against biological determinism as the struggles of a dignified renegade.
Krause and colleagues suggested that the tooth may have been the frontmost premolar, whether deciduous or permanent.
Two "Buffy" essayists note that Willow and Giles sing together at the start of the episode, but later Tara and Giles share a duet to express the diminished part each plays in their respective relationships.
In 1946, a joint Soviet-Mongolian expedition to the Gobi Desert in the Mongolian Ömnögovi Province turned up a large theropod skull and some vertebrae in the Nemegt Formation.
The band sought to recreate the recording experience of "Still Life", and again entered the studio with minimal rehearsals, and no lyrics written.
Industrial antioxidants have diverse uses, including preservatives in food and cosmetics, and oxidation inhibitors in fuels.
Manning adored her womanising father who entertained others by singing Gilbert and Sullivan and reciting poetry he had memorised during long sea voyages.
One branch would evolve into cetaceans, possibly beginning about , with the protowhale "Pakicetus" and other early whale ancestors collectively known as Archaeoceti, which eventually underwent aquatic adaptation into the completely aquatic cetaceans.
This can vary dramatically geographically and by individual, and some have been collected with no detectable toxins.
The two campaigned together in support of the 1999 referendum that would have made Australia a republic.
This phenomenon is a stall that occurs at a higher airspeed than the design stall speed – which always refers to straight and level flight – because the aircraft is turning.
Large "O. couesi" from northern Sinaloa may also belong to this form.
The two aircraft were both from No. 37 Squadron, captained by Flying Officer P.A. Wimberley and Flying Officer O.J.T. Lewis respectively, and both crashed in the shallow sea off Borkum.
Pedro II's reforms aimed to promote less political partisanship, and forward infrastructure and economic development.
Single-line working was put in place on 19November, but the tunnel had to be closed completely a week later.
He later explained, "In prison, the whole wall was covered with inscriptions screaming out loud: 'I'm innocent', 'Murderers', 'Executioners', 'Free me', 'You have to save me'—it was all so loud, so banal.
The ships were equipped with three 18-inch (450 mm) submerged torpedo tubes, one on each broadside and another in the stern, for which nine torpedoes were provided.
In Irajá in the province of Rio de Janeiro, the poor were 87% of the electorate.
NWOBHM bands including Iron Maiden, Saxon, and Def Leppard re-energized the heavy metal genre.
Two years later the Braddocks healed the rift with Hogan by proposing and seconding his appointment as the city's Lord Mayor for the year 1945–46; Jack succeeded him as leader of the Labour group on the council, a post he held until his death in 1963.
It was assumed to be present in the environment wherever fission product radiation was detected.
The trigonid contains strong protoconid and metaconid cusps.
Unhappy with her home life, Wollstonecraft struck out on her own in 1778 and accepted a job as a lady's companion to Sarah Dawson, a widow living in Bath.
Between 1964 and 1990, 650 acres (263 ha) near Brookeville in Montgomery County, Maryland were acquired and set aside as the Rachel Carson Conservation Park, administered by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission.
The following month Eve gave birth to the couple's only child, a daughter, Joanna, who was born at Queen Charlotte's Hospital in Chelsea.
He said he did not want to speak to the Englishman owing to the Bodyline tactics England were using, leaving Warner embarrassed and shaken.
The Golden Fleece deflects enemy projectiles back at the enemies (used to solve certain puzzles).
The reverse side depicts a group of pioneers (four adults and a baby in its mother's arms).
Introduced species include reindeer, hares, rabbits, Patagonian foxes, brown rats and cats.
However, the mission work proceeded slowly, due to insufficient personnel and resources.
Hume has since pointed out that the mandible morphology of the broad-billed parrot is comparable to that of the largest living parrot, the hyacinth macaw, which cracks open palm nuts with ease.
The institution of serfdom declined after 1381, but primarily for economic rather than political reasons.
At the same time, there was greater interest in the history of the Tower of London.
In March 1938, Rear Admiral William R. Sexton had Parsons assigned to his flagship, the cruiser , as gunnery officer.
Rather than return to the pitlane, he continued on another fast lap.
Dwarf lemurs are the only primates known to hibernate for extended periods.
The number of playable characters in "Brawl" has grown from that in "Super Smash Bros.
Its diet is mostly composed of invertebrates, supplemented with nectar and fruit.
The song was written to "signal Jason's big return" to the cinema, as he had been almost entirely absent in the previous film.
Pandharpur's Vithoba holds a "shankha" (conch) in his left hand and a "chakra" (discus) or lotus flower in his right, all of which are symbols traditionally associated with Vishnu.
Grant set up his headquarters at Cairo, Illinois, a bustling Union military and naval base, that was to be used to launch a joint campaign down the Mississippi, Tennessee, and Cumberland rivers.
According to other sources, the CTV lost an estimated 5,000 casualties during the battle.
After 1827, it was also possible to transport goods to Taunton via the Bridgwater and Taunton Canal at Huntworth.
Chadwick left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1935 to become a professor of physics at the University of Liverpool, where he overhauled an antiquated laboratory and, by installing a cyclotron, made it an important centre for the study of nuclear physics.
The result was a film that Geoff Mayer called "limp", and Christopher Young described as "such an uneven movie that misses so many opportunities for real comedy".
The company does most of its business in North America.
The line was renovated in the early 1990s and is now part of the Metrolink.
He created the statute of supernumerary members in 1805 so that any descendant of King George II could be installed as such a member.
The dried stems were also dipped into suet or wax to make torches.
Newhouser said, "The kid has had nothing but bad luck since the season opened", while Fred Hutchinson said, "He shouldn't have lost more than three or four games had he gotten an even break".
The limitation of this topology is that performance (particularly insertion loss) deteriorates with increasing fractional bandwidth, and acceptable results are not obtained with a "Q" less than about 5.
These enable it to extract nutrients as efficiently possible out of the soil.
The cap cuticle comprises a thin layer of 3–6 μm-wide hyphae that are interwoven either loosely or tightly.
Carr waited until the African-American winch operator tested the newly repaired winch then hurriedly left the pier, thinking that the whole operation appeared unsafe.
Residents of the state have questioned the wisdom of having a "compound road name whose signboards [would] be nearly as long as the highway itself."
Many friends and acquaintances came to visit the Houstons at Woodland, including members of the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe who had allied with Houston during the Texas Revolution; he in return had assisted them in their being granted a reservation in east Texas.
On the rounded face, there is a pale white patch above the nose and between the eyes; some individuals have dark orbital markings.
These tight-binding inhibitors may show kinetics similar to covalent irreversible inhibitors.
Petals often form part of a courtship display and are presented to a female in the male fairywren's own or another territory.
Some pundits predicted that Kansas might have difficulty with Taylor's mobility, as his style of play was similar to that of Missouri's Chase Daniel, who gave Kansas its sole loss of the 2007 season.
The four women soon fell out, vying for control over him; "Canto CXIII": alluded to it: "Pride, jealousy and possessiveness / 3 pains of hell."
After that, she returns home and collapses into her bed.
The combination of wind shear and low-level helicity produced moderate convection across central Florida in association with the precursor low pressure system.
Some IBM PC clone vendors offered somewhat customized hardware solutions that were delivered running NeXTSTEP on Intel, such as the Elonex NextStation and the Canon object.station 41.
According to Swiatek and Breen, these sets were also bought up by speculators, and individual collectors often had to pay double or triple the issue price to secure a set.
According to Spielberg, the memorable scene where E.T. disguises himself as a stuffed toy in Elliott's closet was suggested by colleague Robert Zemeckis, after he read a draft of the screenplay that Spielberg had sent him.
Beginning in 1948–49, the Red Wings went on to win seven consecutive regular season titles - a feat no other team has accomplished.
Under appropriate climatic conditions, areas with loess are among the most agriculturally productive in the world.
In its center, Batman would find the Mad Hatter hosting a tea-party, but the developers decided these ideas would not match the game's tone.
On the news of Emperor Yang's murder by General Yuwen Huaji on June 18, 618, Li Yuan declared himself the emperor of a new dynasty, the Tang.
Without it, Bob wasn't nearly as entertaining, and the episode didn't result in a whole lot of laughs."
McLees views it as "one of the greatest Victorian triumphs of architectural composition", whilst Crook writes of Burges "recreating from a heap of rubble a fairy-tale castle which seems almost to have materialised from the margins of a medieval manuscript."
England is the chameleon and I am that fly."
Cryptographic text became more widespread and more complex in Ptolemaic times.
Beginning in April 2009, the band freely distributed a cover of Woody Guthrie's "The Jolly Banker", downloadable from their website.
Some critics have bemoaned its gameplay for being too similar to "Castlevania"; similarities include identical displays on the top of the screen, items contained in breakable lanterns, and a nearly identical "secondary weapons" feature.
Rumors began to spread that Ohio Governor Charles Foster and Garfield, who were in adjoining suites at the Grand Pacific Hotel, were "conspiring to bring Garfield out as [a] candidate..." News of the finger-pointing within the Sherman camp had carried into newspapers across the country.
"Haruna", , and the fleet carriers and operated to the east of Mindanao until 18 February 1942, when the Main Body departed Palau in preparation for "Operation J", Japan's invasion of the Dutch East Indies.
The film was initially assigned an NC-17 rating from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA); the content was toned down for the U.S. release, where it was rated R. Peirce was interviewed for a 2005 documentary titled "This Film Is Not Yet Rated", which discussed the film's problems with the MPAA, particularly the censoring of the sex scenes.
The station consists of two elevated side platforms enclosed in a structure northeast of the interchange of State Route 99 (International Boulevard) and State Route 518.
Zhou has appeared in various kinds of media including novels, comic books, and movies.
After the Fall of France in 1940, he served on the headquarters staff of No. 22 Group and was liaison officer with the British Army's Eastern Command, before taking charge of the Directorate of Military Co-operation—later the Directorate of Operations (Tactical)—at the Air Ministry.
During Æthelwulf's reign, there were four main phases of the coinage distinguishable at both mints, though they are not exactly parallel and it is uncertain when the transitions took place.
Spain's six Schneider CA1 assault tanks were put into service with the Republican Army, and saw combat around Madrid before and during the Siege of Madrid, and during the Siege of the Alcázar in Toledo.
The guns would be aimed in the same direction and fire could be concentrated on a single target.
Disraeli had supported the efforts of party manager John Eldon Gorst to put the administration of the Conservative Party on a modern basis.
He again goes behind Avon's back, giving up half of Avon's most prized territory to a rival named Proposition Joe in exchange for a share of his supply.
Despite adversity and racism, Angelou expresses her faith that one will overcome and triumph.
With round windows, an ambient lighting machine, and a psychedelic mural, Storyk wanted the studio to have a relaxing environment that would encourage Hendrix's creativity.
The expedition is evidenced by a damaged rock inscription showing Menkauhor's titulary which is one of the few attestations dating to his lifetime.
Body mass typically is in the range of , with large specimens weighing over .
He deconstructed the vase by wrapping it inside and out with blotting paper and letting it sit in a glass desiccator injected with solvents for three days, leaving it in 189 pieces.
The beaches themselves were overlooked by pillboxes of various types.
Eventually, the series of paintings became widely distributed in poster form and became instrumental in the U.S. Government War Bond Drive.
One member who spoke to Patrick Seale was told before being sent overseas: "If we say, 'Drink alcohol'", do so.
Apu takes Lisa through a secret passageway to the Kwik-E-Mart roof, where they meet Paul and Linda McCartney.
Alligator and crocodile farming began because of demand for their hides, but now nearly all parts of the animal are put to use.
They disparaged him by portraying him as a man thirsty for power, who when he failed to attain it, sought to tear down his country with him.
It has gone on to sell over 30,000 copies there.
Keith had anticipated an Austrian attack and organized a slashing counterattack on the Austrians holding the Prussian battery.
Additionally, in 2016 the 12-county San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland combined statistical area had a GDP of $820.9 billion, ranking 3rd among CSAs, and ahead of all but 17 countries.
Two female figures are depicted in Han Dynasty (25–220 CE) frescoes, playing Tsu Chu.
In 2013 Italian mycologists Valerio Bertolini and Giampaolo Simonini observed that the brevity of the original species description meant that some subsequent papers used "B. torosus" for specimens that aligned more closely with descriptions of "Boletus rhodopurpureus" or "B. luteocupreus" (both now placed in the genus "Imperator").
At that time, the 9901 was reassigned to a new service, the "Sam Houston Zephyr", running between Ft. Worth and Houston via Dallas on trackage jointly owned by the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific.
A medal was duly obtained and was subsequently placed in the Mint's collection.
The humidity, along with the rain, assisted the bowlers; Lindwall in particular managed to make the ball bounce at variable heights.
Indeed, the warden does not enforce the general rule of law, but chooses to enforce his own rules and punishments as he sees fit, becoming a law unto himself, like the behavior of Satan.
He started the first and last games of the series on a platoon situation; Paschal faced left-handed pitchers and Durst faced right-handed pitchers.
No fewer than 121 shops have been identified so far, many of them bakeries, and judging from the number of bronzes found at the site it may also have been a centre for the production or distribution of bronze artworks.
While the Eighth Air Force units at Okinawa had not yet conducted any missions against Japan, General Doolittle decided not to contribute aircraft to this operation as he did not want to risk the lives of the men under his command when the war was effectively over.
Radioactive sea spray caused extensive contamination.
In September that year he was additionally appointed trustee of the Services Canteens Trust Fund; a position he held until October 1952 and for which he received a letter of appreciation from the Minister for Defence.
Stanley was attacked for his veto of the German language bill and for his long-standing views against temperance.
We are going to need "many" more 'Quatermass Experiment' programmes."
The radiometric ages of impact-melted rocks collected during the Apollo missions cluster between 3.8 and 4.1 billion years old: this has been used to propose a Late Heavy Bombardment of impacts.
A new hotel, two ski lifts, and a new road were also constructed.
Clinton voted against President Bush's two major tax cut packages, the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 and the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003.
Opinions issued by the Clinton administration Office of Legal Counsel often presupposed the application of the clause, and conceded that "[t]he tradition of interpreting the Clause has been 'formalistic' rather than 'functional".
Late on June 14 it accelerated northeastward to emerge into the Atlantic Ocean, and on June 15, it entered the area of responsibility of the Canadian Hurricane Centre.
Rising tensions eventually led to the Texas Revolution, which began in October 1835.
Since the year 2000, taxonomic studies using cladistical analyses of multiple organ systems, shell morphology (including fossil species) and modern molecular phylogenetics have resulted in the drawing up of what experts believe is a more accurate phylogeny of the Bivalvia.
"PC Zone"s Keith Pullin was disappointed that the game was not designed to reward tactics; in his experience, he achieved victory by continually summoning groups of creatures to attack the enemy.
Rumours circulated following the season that Maple Leafs owner Harold Ballard had told the media that he was attempting to reacquire McDonald.
Đôn's assertion that the assassinations were unplanned proved sufficient for Lodge, who told the State Department that "I am sure assassination was not at their direction."
An influential author who devoted his work to awakening the awareness of the catastrophes the country has suffered, was Ales Adamovich.
On 17 November, "Barbaros Hayreddin" and "Mesûdiye" bombarded Bulgarian positions in support of the I Corps, with the aid of artillery observers ashore.
At the beginning of the second quarter, the Hokies' defense began to stiffen.
and is thus satirizing "simpleminded political commitment".
The ruler was succeeded by his grandson, Chikka Virappa, whose unremarkable rule lasted until 1768, when Coorg was conquered by Haidar Ali, the new sultan of Mysore.
The metric tensor that defines the geometry—in particular, how lengths and angles are measured—is not the Minkowski metric of special relativity, it is a generalization known as a semi- or pseudo-Riemannian metric.
Other countries in Europe have Thoroughbred breeding programs, including Germany, Russia, Poland, and Hungary.
He attacked immediately and was dropped in the slips when on nine runs.
Lester's attempts to "strengthen traditional masculinity" conflict with his responsibilities as a father.
In 1986, Reagan appointed him to the Supreme Court.
Since Honeywood had only started breeding in the 1830s, it is unlikely these dogs were representative of the modern breed and the description of them as looking like straight-legged Dachshunds with weak heads has little resemblance to the standard.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, British painting was strongly influenced by Joshua Reynolds (1723–1792), the first president of the Royal Academy of Arts (RA).
Players simulate the performance of rock music by using their controllers to play scrolling on-screen notes.
In contrast, the objects held in gods' hands tend to be generic.
Film director Barry Levinson sought to create a police drama television series based on "", a 1991 non-fiction book by David Simon based on one year he spent with Baltimore Police Department homicide detectives.
The festivities were also broadcast on radio station KGFO, a portable station operating form the front cargo deck of the ship.
Discriminatory conduct that federal observers document may also serve as evidence in subsequent enforcement lawsuits.
In mid-1927 he toured Singapore and Malaya with Bert Oldfield's team and played in a series of non-first-class matches against local teams.
Jeter earned the nicknames of "Captain Clutch" and "Mr. November" due to his outstanding play in the postseason.
They do not form the large, close-knit groups seen in other baleen species.
A Squadron was transferred to the 5th New Zealand Infantry Brigade to advance with it in pursuit, while the rest of the regiment laagered on the Fibreno.
In 1977, she married the mechanical engineer Nikola Breka after a year of dating.
In 2000, of about half of the rural agricultural total in the watershed consisted of cultivated crops or pasture while tree farms and ornamental nurseries made up about 30 percent.
Five laps later Wallace spun coming out of turn two after being hit by McMurray, prompting the race's eighteenth (and final) caution, but was able to continue.
Bangalter later stated that the B-side "was never intended to be on the album, and in fact, 'Da Funk' as a single has sold more units than "Homework", so more people own it anyways than they would if it had been on the album.
Lead singer/rhythm guitarist James Hetfield and drummer Lars Ulrich were the main songwriters on the album, already titled "Master of Puppets".
As a part of the Pure Michigan Byways Program, M-35 passes the mouths of the Cedar and Bark rivers.
Yet these characteristics are not fixed; in myths, gods change their appearances to suit their own purposes.
The hurricane reached a peak intensity of 125 mph (205 km/h) while passing through the Bahamas on October 6.
Episode 2: A sycophantic clergyman named Mr. William Collins visits his cousins, the Bennets.
Later insect life arrived on floating driftwood, and both live animals and carcasses washed up on the island.
The function of "Stegosaurus" plates has been much debated.
The same writer said that the tower rose "Manhattan-wise for 10 storeys through the twentieth century, only to have a diminutive spire, escaped from the fifteenth, push through its top to steal the last laugh".
(Estimates for the precise yield range from 4.4 to 5.2 megatons or 18 to 22 PJ).
Hearings into Teapot Dome began in October 1923, two months after Harding's death.
Soejima felt a degree of pressure when he was given his new role, as the series had accumulated a substantial following during Kaneko's tenure.
Flood board the ship, and very soon Forerunner Sentinels appear to cleanse the Flood threat and also to destroy all UNSC forces in the process.
The diet consisted of quality food, but "without trimmings".
The King and Pistrucci also came into conflict over the Coronation medal, with the King objecting to being placed on the same level as the allegorical representations of his kingdoms.
The Arabs began their march on Cοnstantinople, thoroughly devastating the countryside, gathering supplies, and sacking the towns they encountered.
A strong supporter of state sovereignty, he believed that punishing state officials for failure to prevent lynchings was unconstitutional, and that if the states could not prevent such murders, federal legislation would do no good.
The book's marketing consisted initially of word-of-mouth and in fanzines and trade periodicals, as mainstream newspapers and magazines did not normally review comics at the time.
Imitating the innovations at Lincoln's Inn Fields, the Theatre Royal also featured moveable scenery with wings or "shutters" that could be smoothly changed between or even within acts.
Acquaintances in Texas were well versed with his personal history and aware that he had not divorced the first wife when he married again, only recently obtaining that divorce with hopes of marrying a Texas woman who, as it played out, rejected him for another suitor.
Prior to the arrival of the storm in India, government officials there issued a severe storm warning for Thoothukudi District, and also warned fishermen not to go out to sea.
Construction of the station was approved in 1996, but did not begin until 2005 due to routing disputes and planning issues.
A number of these ligands bind to mouse Mups, including 2-sec-butyl-4,5-dihydrothiazole (abbreviated as SBT or DHT), 6-hydroxy-6-methyl-3-heptanone (HMH) and 2,3 dihydro-exo-brevicomin (DHB).
Other detected contaminants include arsenic, chromium, chloride, fluoride, nitrate, and sulfate."
He wore knee-length boots and dark clothing, topped with a wide hat and sometimes a long coat of brightly coloured silk or velvet.
The square-up misleadingly stated that the producers wished to "publicly acknowledge the splendid cooperation of the Nation's narcotic experts and Government departments, who aided in various ways the success of this production….
During the first decade of the twentieth century, Shaw secured a firm reputation as a playwright.
Higham wrote that "his destruction sounded the death-knell of English paganism as a political ideology and public religion."
In 1964, the Mets moved into the new Shea Stadium; Stengel commented that "the park is lovelier than my team".
The purchase price included $20 paid to the federal government to monetize a coin it contended had never been officially released.
Due to his style of play, opponents and teammates held Jeter in high esteem.
She also got a $1,000 advance so she could work full-time to complete the novel by January 1, 1943.
Morris said that even without Curtis's death, it was unlikely that Joy Division would have endured.
Jamie Reid and Paul Cook were beaten up in other incidents; three days after the Pegasus assault, Rotten was attacked again.
After being discovered drunk on alcohol he had brewed he was moved to the much tougher unit at Hull.
Around 0000 UTC on November 23, Gay made landfall on Guam, becoming the third typhoon in three months to strike the island—the others were Typhoon Omar in August and Typhoon Brian in October.
The reasons "Paraceratherium" became extinct after surviving for about 11 million years are unknown, but it is unlikely that there was a single cause.
Square released the main soundtrack album, "Final Fantasy VII Original Soundtrack", on four Compact Discs through its DigiCube subsidiary in 1997.
The original "1st Marine Brigade" was the 1st Advance Base Brigade, established in 1913.
Raja Sen found her performance to be career-defining, while "Hindustan Times" Rohit Vats wrote that "she carries [the film] entirely on her shoulder.
The castle's state was assessed in 1961, and the cost of repairs estimated at £30,000 (equivalent to £1.1 million in 2009 terms).
The Thorpe affair of the 1970s was a British political and sex scandal that ended the career of Jeremy Thorpe, the leader of the Liberal Party and Member of Parliament (MP) for North Devon.
Several models were devised to compute the density and size of Shoemaker–Levy 9.
The professional element in the orchestra was provided by the English Opera Group players, led by Emanuel Hurwitz, with Ralph Downes at the organ.
The protestors' objective, laying a wreath bearing a pacifist message at the Cambridge War Memorial, was achieved, despite attacks and counter-demonstrations which included what the historian Martin Garrett describes as "a hail of pro-war eggs and tomatoes".
O'Reilly's later years were troubled with poor health, including the loss of a leg.
Two of the three armour plates damaged on 4 May were repaired, but the third had to be replaced by two 1.5-inch high-quality steel plates as there were not any armour plates of the required thickness available in Australia.
They fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of .
On June 10, McGovern won the California primary and secured the Democratic nomination.
In 1975, it was estimated that since the 1950s, lion numbers decreased by half to 200,000 and perhaps even less.
The four-letter abbreviations were repealed in 1955.
She was awarded honorary doctorates from the universities of Essex (1968), Exeter (1969), and Leeds (1983).
"M. pithecoides" from the central plateau was a specialized leaf-eater (folivore), but the other two species had a more mixed diet, eating fruits and seeds in addition to leaves.
Following that is a list of unused tracks and dialogues which were released later on an updated soundtrack.
Although some agencies, such as the Rural Industrial Development Agency (RIDA), which attempted to aid Malay entrepreneurs, existed, their programs were criticised as being based on handouts and favouring the politically connected.
New England and the mid-Atlantic states have, since 2006, witnessed entire species completely extirpated and others with numbers that have gone from the hundreds of thousands, even millions, to a few hundred or less.
East of Ajax, the highway passes through the second 3.5 km (2.1 mi) rural gap, and enters Whitby.
It emerged from that committee on September 1, 1914, with several amendments, one of which increased the combined authorized mintage of the two $50 pieces from 2,000 to 3,000.
In 1927, Popular Fiction Publishing issued Birch's "The Moon Terror", one of "Weird Tales" more popular serials, as a hardcover book, including three other stories from the magazine's first year.
In the category of Engineering & Technology for Creation and Implementation of Video Games and Platforms, Nintendo was awarded an Emmy Award for Game Controller Innovation by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Two fires in 1959 appeared to be arson, and many of the fire-heated stones were weakened or cracked from sudden cooling by water.
The Greencards are noted for playing American bluegrass with a worldly feel, and for their incorporation of other genres of music.
Mitchell based his public assertions about non-aviation officers being ignorant of aviation matters on events he falsely claimed to have witnessed in Hawaii during the McNair board's experiments.
A 2012 study found that speciation in starfish can occur rapidly.
Though his appearance was put in doubt after he crashed out of stage 1 of the Vuelta a Castilla y León and broke his collarbone, Armstrong announced on 16 April that he would start the Giro despite undergoing surgery for his injury.
As a spider crawls up the compartment door, Ron eats it and the trio continue to walk on down the corridor.
Tyler proposed an alternative fiscal plan known as the "Exchequer", but Clay's friends who controlled the Congress would have none of it.
The last of the native St Kildans, Rachel Johnson, died in April 2016 at the age of 93, having been evacuated at the age of 8.
In her meta-analysis, Hoorens does not recommend a specific algorithm as little is known about how name-letter preference scores obtained from different algorithms relate to the most important psychometric quality of all, validity.
Geophysical models indicate that tidal heating is a main heat source, perhaps aided by radioactive decay and some heat-producing chemical reactions.
The comedian Stanley Lupino claimed to have seen the ghost of Dan Leno in a dressing room.
In contemporary Spain it was acceptable for artists to employ male nude models for studies; however, the use of female nude models was frowned upon.
Davis then completed his final book "A Short History of the Confederate States of America" in October 1889.
Bradman also agreed to an extensive interview for ABC radio, broadcast as "Bradman: The Don Declares" in eight 55-minute episodes during 1988.
According to Carl Sferrazza Anthony, China was Pat Nixon's "moment", her turning point as an acclaimed First Lady in the United States.
In Durham, there was Penetration, with lead singer Pauline Murray.
The school was founded in 1913, and closed in 1978.
This leads into the chorus (where Francis and Deal repeat "This monkey's gone to heaven") with the lead guitar of Santiago playing two notes repeatedly.
Aside from a single day of location shooting, all of the film's scenes were shot on Paramount and ILM soundstages.
C. L. R. James believed that no other great batsman had to carry such a burden for so long.
He weds Moelia and Retna Sari and has them promise that their first son will be raised a Hindu and become king of the Baduy; he then surrenders all his power to his daughter.
The army was drafted in to help repair the river banks, assisted by villagers, including women, and German prisoners.
On February 23, 1854, Irataba, Cairook, and other Mohave people encountered an expedition led by military officers Amiel Whipple and J.C. Ives, as the group approached the Colorado en route to California.
As Jean Pierre Lion has pointed out, "The only serious and analytical obituary to have been published in the months" after his death was by a Frenchman, Hugues Panassié.
In his view, as God was everywhere and anyone could preach, the established church was unnecessary and a university qualification irrelevant for a preacher.
The Apache, Cocopah, Halchidhoma, Havasupai, Hualapai, Maricopa, Pima, and Quechan are among many other groups that live along or had territories bordering on the Colorado River and its tributaries.
Mating seasons usually last less than three weeks each year, with the female vagina opening up only during a few hours or days of her most receptive time of estrus.
Colleen Delaney of "Stylus Magazine" was unimpressed by the lyrics' double entendres and noted that the toast and "deep, booming production save this song from being thin" but that it remained "inane and unengaging".
With the help of Cartman's best warriors, Douchebag recovers the Stick from Jimmy.
Shelby raised a force of 3,500 volunteers, double the number Harrison requested.
Kruger found new strength in Steyn and telegrammed all Transvaal officers forbidding the laying down of arms.
"Flight Unlimited" was the first self-published game released by Looking Glass Technologies.
UEFA gave special dispensation for Liverpool to enter the Champions League, giving England five qualifiers.
One of the best-known New Zealand poems is "The Magpies" by Denis Glover, with its refrain "Quardle oodle ardle wardle doodle", imitating the sound of the bird – and the popular New Zealand comic "Footrot Flats" features a magpie character by the name of Pew.
An October appeal to the Supreme Court was rejected.
It spent a total of 75 non-consecutive weeks on the chart between 2014 and 2016.
Shackleton had calculated the return distance to the Pole as .
At 6:44, Beatty turned his ships south-east, then south-southeast four minutes later, to find Hipper's force.
At least one older Paiute said his culture called the hoodoos "Anka-ku-was-a-wits", which is Paiute for "red painted faces".
One placed a cushion on the road while the second opened the trunk and took out a five-gallon petrol can.
Nevertheless, the 24th Infantry Division was the first US unit sent into Korea to absorb the initial "shock" of North Korean advances and to buy time for the deployment of additional forces, such as the 7th Infantry Division, 25th Infantry Division, 1st Cavalry Division, 1st Provisional Marine Brigade and other Eighth Army supporting units.
No playwright was credited, implying that Hall had written the adaptation herself; it was actually written by one of Kershaw's ex-husbands, who reworked the story to make it more upbeat.
A great kiva was placed on either side of the wall, creating a symmetrical pattern common to many Chacoan great houses.
Colonies of black rats remain only on the island of Inchcolm in the Firth of Forth and on the Shiant Isles.
There is speculation among folklorists as to whether another Shinto fox deity existed in the past.
The US 32 designation was absorbed into an extended US 6 in 1931.
She had been wary of the medium but it proved to be one of the main television events of the year, scoring high in the Nielsen ratings.
Descriptions of life in America were unvarnished, and the general advice to emigrants brief and factual.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259.
It would have been part of a decorated "crested helmet", the type of headgear that was common to England and Scandinavia from the sixth through eleventh centuries AD.
On the morning of 21 June, the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers, and at 11:20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ships.
It crosses Wolf Creek before leaving Leavenworth County and entering Wyandotte County.
One side, termed the outer surface, is dark brown and wrinkled, while the other is black and smooth.
Major General Chand received a congratulatory telegram from Thant for the progress of UN forces.
Metal music is no longer the exclusive domain of male teenagers.
Confirmed native predators are the pearly-eyed thrasher ("Margarops fuscatus"), the Puerto Rican sharp-shinned hawk ("Accipiter striatus venator") and the extirpated white-necked crow ("Corvus leucognaphalus"), while unconfirmed native predators include two endemic snakes and several carnivores (from fossil records).
The first was named "P. neimongoliensis", after the Mandarin Chinese name for Inner Mongolia.
Under the premierships of Winston Churchill, Sir Anthony Eden and Harold Macmillan he was appointed to a series of increasingly senior posts, including Leader of the House of Lords and Foreign Secretary.
Lennon was touring with the Beatles when Julian was born on 8 April 1963.
Early the next day, Tuesday, July 1, McClellan, having come from nearby Haxall's Landing the night before, examined his army's battle line on Malvern Hill.
The LM gained 29 per cent of the vote, and the LCL candidate, John Burdett, won by a 4 per cent margin once preferences had been distributed.
By 1967, as Hendrix was gaining in popularity, many of his pre-Experience recordings were marketed to an unsuspecting public as Jimi Hendrix albums, sometimes with misleading later images of Hendrix.
The type locality was Ithaca, New York, where several collections were made.
Her third commission was in 1917 when "Indiana" served as a training ship for gun crews during World War I.
The story ends with Chet refusing to accompany Sky to the fair because he says he would rather listen to his new Kiss album.
Some critics have dubbed Wilco the "American Radiohead", due to their stylistically diverse catalog.
The episode has been analyzed for its themes of disease, suffering, healing, salvation and resurrection; Mulder seemingly rising from the dead has been seen as an allusion to the resurrection of Jesus.
McG approached Shia LaBeouf for Jimmy Olsen, with an interest to cast an unknown for Superman, Scarlett Johansson as Lois Lane and Johnny Depp for Lex Luthor.
Bungie's own Frank O'Connor confirmed that both Xbox and Xbox 360 users would have access to the content.
In 1966 he was awarded a knighthood.
The two major glaciers of the Southern Patagonia Icefield to the north of Moreno, Upsala and Viedma Glacier have retreated in 21 years and in 13 years respectively.
His mother wondered whether Lépine might have suffered from attachment disorder, due to the abuse and sense of abandonment he had experienced in his childhood.
Later, Ford and his script editor, Martin Worth, travelled to Aldeburgh, and with Britten looked at possible churches for the performance.
Early in their career, he and Daniel were knocked off the puck easily, As a result, players have often taken advantage of the brothers' lack of physicality by playing aggressively against them.
In bright sunshine, Bradman called on the off spin of Ian Johnson, who had delivered only three overs to this point, the rest of the proceedings having been through fast bowlers.
However the season soon turned with the team failing to secure a win for the remainder of the year.
The final two raids conducted by XX Bomber Command before it deployed to the Marianas targeted oil storage facilities on islands in the Singapore area.
François Christophe de Kellermann also counted 20,000 troops in the Army of the Alps holding the area between Moreau and Bonaparte on the western side of modern Switzerland; there was a smaller army in southern France that played no role in the Rhine Campaign.
In 1967 ornithologist Finn Salomonsen transferred the species from "Myzomela" to the genus "Certhionyx", which also contained the banded honeyeater ("Certhionyx pectoralis") and pied honeyeater ("Certhionyx variegatus"), and later authorities accepted this classification.
Marcus Alonzo Hanna was born on September 24, 1837, in New Lisbon (in 1895 renamed Lisbon), Ohio, to Dr. Leonard and Samantha Hanna.
The binary algorithm can be extended to other bases ("k"-ary algorithms), with up to fivefold increases in speed.
The Russian commander, Peter Wittgenstein, ignored the primary directive of the Trachenberg plan, attempting to undo Napoleon's capture of Leipzig.
Although these semiclassical models contributed to the development of quantum mechanics, many further experiments beginning with the phenomenon of Compton scattering of single photons by electrons, validated Einstein's hypothesis that "light itself" is quantized.
The initial outbreak occurred in December 2013 in Meliandou, a village in southern Guinea.
At Montgomery's urging, "strongly underlined in the Supreme Commander's communications to Montgomery", the II Canadian Corps commander, Lieutenant-General Guy Simonds, began a second offensive a few days later, codenamed Operation Spring.
In non-breeding condition the long downcurved bill and long legs are bright red-orange.
In the video and on the track, archive material of Michael Jackson is used from the original 1985 recording.
On , inspired by childhood recollections of similar Boer forces as well as experiences during the Arab uprising in Palestine, Clarke sketched out an idea for small amphibious raiding parties, called Commandos.
He scored 31 as Australia sealed the series 4–0 with an innings win.
Early French explorers, fur trappers, and traders called the area "Les Grandes Fourches," meaning "The Grand Forks".
After completing its survey work in November 1928, the unit served aboard the seaplane carrier HMAS "Albatross".
On the advice of the well-known Caltech aerodynamicist and fellow Hungarian émigré Theodore von Kármán, Teller collaborated with his friend Hans Bethe in developing a theory of shock-wave propagation.
The largest collection of ukiyo-e in Japan is the pieces in the Japan Ukiyo-e Museum in the city of Matsumoto.
Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all the damage figures are in 2003 USD.
Seward was among the officials who went with him.
Initially, Gasparro expected that Congress would authorize his soaring eagle reverse design to accompany the Susan B. Anthony obverse.
George Palaiologos had not been able to re-enter the city after the battle and left with the main force.
According to the scholar István Boná, Thurisind's rise to power is a typical example of the conflicts among the leading families for the kingship that plagued Gepidia in the 6th century and made it difficult to maintain the succession within the king's family.
Johnson vetoed the Bill anyway, calling the Freedmen's Bureau unconstitutional, and decrying its cost—Congress had never purchased land, established schools, or provided financial help for "our own people".
In June 2004, Iwata sought a conference with Dr. Ryuta Kawashima about a game that could appeal to non-gamers.
During the brief, intense, creative 1901 period, the roles Strindberg wrote as artistic vehicles for Bosse, or that were based on their relationship, reflect this combination of adoration and "suspicion of every word, every act".
After being shown the suicide note, "The Times" withdrew its implication there might be a connection between the two deaths.
Vermigli attended the abortive Colloquy at Poissy in the summer of 1561 with Theodore Beza, a conference held in France with the intention of reconciling Catholics and Protestants.
The subhymenium is ramose—composed of relatively thin branching, unclamped hyphae.
What some scientists found more surprising was the discovery that the North Pacific and North Atlantic populations are also distinct, and that the North Pacific species is more closely related to the southern right whale than to the North Atlantic right whale.
Skiers will find trails that are largely free of rocks, with a layer of grass beneath the snow.
Wodehouse also uses metaphor and mixed metaphor to add humour.
It is particularly hard to diagnose autism among the visually impaired, partly because some of its diagnostic criteria depend on vision, and partly because autistic symptoms overlap with those of common blindness syndromes or blindisms.
Zeitz states that Hay "aggressively lobbied" for the position.
The east and west facing fronts are marked at the corners by four groups of statuary by Paul Raphael Montford, representing Peace, Justice, Patriotism and Sacrifice.
The texts are all generally the same in each case, and all differ from the one surviving copy of Monteverdi's musical score, which has three acts instead of five, a different prologue, a different ending, and many scenes and passages either omitted or rearranged.
The last of the five to be published was by Sue Smart and Richard Bothway Howard in 2011, "It's Turned Out Nice Again!"
Later British super-dreadnoughts, principally the , dispensed with the midships turret, so weight and volume were freed for larger, oil-fired boilers.
This restriction explains the disjunctions east of Israelite Bay: the species occurs only in those few locations where the existence of cliff-top dunes of deep siliceous sand provide suitable habitat.
One by one, the defenders' strongholds crumbled under the Soviet attacks and the Finns were forced to retreat.
Averill ran advertisements in the numismatic press, and in early 1905, raised prices on the 1904 pieces, claiming that they were near exhaustion.
His gallantry was for naught, however, as Perryville ended in a tactical draw that was costly for both sides, causing Bragg to withdraw and abandon his invasion of Kentucky.
It had been procured partly for its capacity to deliver nuclear weapons, an ordnance option the government seriously contemplated but never acquired.
However, in Prague they cost $2 million, an important factor when the film's budget was less than $50 million.
Each game in the "World of Mana" series was different, both from each other and from the previous games in the series.
The English batsmen found it difficult to cope with his prodigious swing and pace; four of his wickets were either bowled or leg before wicket.
Hank Severeid followed with a double, scoring Dugan, before pinch-hitter Ben Paschal grounded to Haines to end the inning.
At the time of the Act's passage, Alaska was not a U.S. state, being constituted instead as a territory of the United States.
Still, official shelter usage was considered to be higher than average, possibly due to shortened lead times limiting the ability of individuals to make arrangements with friends and relatives, or increased awareness of available resources.
Major nest predators include Australian magpies, butcherbirds, laughing kookaburras, currawongs, crows and ravens, and shrike-thrushes as well as introduced mammals such as the red fox, cat and black rat.
By the end of the Battle of Britain, his tally of victories had increased to 17.
He believes that this idea has also been held by some people throughout human history.
Within the species, two subspecies are recognised: The yellow-tailed black cockatoo is in length and 750–900 grams in weight.
In 1980, a series of earthquakes and uplift within and south of Long Valley Caldera indicated renewed activity in the area.
Light forces were sent to recover the vessels, and III Squadron, which was in the North Sea en route to Wilhelmshaven, was ordered to cover them.
As for a PlayStation Portable (PSP) installment, he said that he thought it "would be freaking awesome," but not something he had time to work on and it was Sony's decision whether or not to make a PSP installment.
Aside from pantomime, he had never taken part in a long-running production, and he had never had to memorise lines precisely or keep to schedules enforced by strict directors and theatre managers.
He claimed a further three victories with his latest unit before being posted back to Australia on 19 November 1942.
De Gaia felt that the episode communicated that "a strong woman is created by incorporating the human with a stronger race, the Klingon, and by affiliation with an independent group".
A few precise hits cleared their way into the town and the Allied resistance disappeared in cannon smoke; the Allied troops rapidly withdrew from the town across the bridge over the Saale and, as they withdrew, they set fire to the bridge to prevent the Prussians from following them.
Oxford's coach Sean Bowden suggested that the loss of one of Oxford's blades had driven Woods to push himself "beyond his limits".
After the race, Ron Turcotte explained that "when Tentam came up to him in the backstretch I just chirped to him and he pulled away".
A modernist painter, Bellette was influential in mid-twentieth century Sydney art circles.
It was profitable, but its nine-month run was disappointing compared with most of the earlier Savoy operas.
They then moved to 83 Finchley Road in Swiss Cottage, Hampstead.
On July 13, 2015, images from NASA's "New Horizons" mission Long Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI), along with data from the other instruments, determined Pluto's diameter to be , which was later revised to be on July 24, and later to .
The overall prognosis is positive, but a minority of children with Tourette syndrome have severe symptoms that persist into adulthood.
Smith expressed great reluctance, but agreed on 24 September after Vorster intimated that South Africa might cut off financial and military aid if he refused.
At low speeds, they were operated in a series with the HP turbines to improve the efficiency of the overall turbine arrangement, and also improved the fuel economy.
This was in large part due to the LCL's shift to the right on social issues to usurp the independents' appeal.
Sounes adds, "There is some irony in the fact that one of the most famous songs of the folk-rock era—an era associated primarily with ideals of peace and harmony—is one of vengeance."
Green went into practice at Jewish Hospital as an emergency physician, but grew dissatisfied and eventually switched specialties.
The table below lists the known pieces of furniture originally "in situ", with their dates of construction and their current location where known.
During the late 1970s and 1980s the "Rock Garden" music venue was popular with up and coming punk rock and new wave artists.
Johnson's final address as governor gave him the chance to influence his electors, and he made proposals popular among Democrats.
In the 1864 presidential election Fillmore supported Democratic candidate George B. McClellan for the presidency, believing that the Democratic Party's plan for immediate cessation of fighting and allowing the seceded states to return with slavery intact was the best possibility for restoring the Union.
Balmer handed over command of the unit in August, and transferred to a liaison post at Headquarters RAAF Station Darwin.
It is common through much of its range, but in the northernmost areas it is rare, since it is vulnerable to hard winters, especially if its feeding is disrupted by an ice glaze on the trees or freezing rain.
"Confirmed Dead" was watched by 17 million Americans and received generally positive critical reception as reviewers praised the introduction of the new characters.
Steiger once clashed with Armenian director Rouben Mamoulian, during a theatrical production of "Oklahoma!"
Bloodworth was responsible as Lord Mayor for co-ordinating the fire-fighting, but he had apparently left the City; his name is not mentioned in any contemporaneous accounts of the Monday's events.
Chocobos—large galliform birds common throughout the "Final Fantasy" series—are featured in the game.
In February 2010, the band announced that they would reunite to support Toto bassist Mike Porcaro, who was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease.
"Kill 'Em All" is regarded as a groundbreaking album for thrash metal because of its precise musicianship, which fuses new wave of British heavy metal riffs with hardcore punk tempos.
He was also the Victorian Schoolboys' 100 yards athletics champion three years in succession, from 1926 to 1928.
He praised the option of importing a character, stating that the overall experience changes as different saved games from the previous game are used.
Along with Mana Island, it was replaced with two new kakapo sanctuaries, Chalky Island (Te Kakahu) and Anchor Island.
Harris and the Yankees won the World Series that year, but finished third in 1948, though they were not eliminated until the penultimate day.
Khan has occasionally done playback singing for his films.
The infant weighs ; the female keeps her calf hidden in cover while she is away.
Jack Warner, as the company's largest stockholder, appointed himself as the new company president.
For the events of the film "" (2014) as well as the final episodes of , Naruto was given a young adult appearance.
In the view of Catherine Cubitt the reform "has rightly been regarded as one of the most significant episodes in Anglo-Saxon history", which "transformed English religious life, regenerated artistic and intellectual activities and forged a new relationship between church and king".
Most of the range is public land administered by the federal Bureau of Land Management.
Elkins compares the process to the infantilization of Jews in Nazi concentration camps.
He was the last of 10 children born to James Hirst and his wife Sarah Maria Woolhouse.
The Sega Channel reached 250,000 subscribers at its peak and ran until July 31, 1998, well past the release of the Sega Saturn.
A constant obsession for Fox was the pursuit of "simplicity" in life, meaning humility and the abandonment of luxury, and the short time he spent as a shepherd was important to the formation of this view.
In particular, he spoke about the possibility of forging a new style of novel in Latin America, drawing on the region's indigenous heritage.
Imports of these German devices appeared in Japan at least as early as 1904; films for them likely included animation loops.
Before the discovery of "Baryonyx" the last significant theropod find in the United Kingdom was "Eustreptospondylus" in 1871, and in a 1986 interview Charig called "Baryonyx" "the best find of the century" in Europe.
This meant frequent double-heading that increased operational costs.
Some have compared her to Balzac's title character in "Le Père Goriot", who sacrifices himself for his daughters.
Despite Polydor telling the band the album would be heavily marketed, Fanning still found its success surprising.
The battle gave the fort a reputation for impregnability, which affected future military operations in the area, notably during the American Revolutionary War.
On the next day he noted that, having attained 87° 6½′ S, they had beaten North and South polar records.
A 1996 cladistic analysis of the genus by botanists Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges assumed the status "B." subg.
On the morning of April 6, 1862, Grant's troops were taken by surprise when the Confederates, led by Generals Albert Sidney Johnston and P.G.T. Beauregard, struck first "like an Alpine avalanche" near Shiloh church, attacking five divisions of Grant's army and forcing a confused retreat toward the Tennessee River.
MTV's John Walker questioned whether it could repeat the success of Williams' previous single "Happy" from the 2013 animated film "Despicable Me 2".
Along with a group of free imperial cities in the south and west of the German lands, Strasbourg followed this pattern of Reformation.
Furthermore, this writer asserted, Detzner's movements were so well known to the district officer at Morobe that he was prevented from escaping; they could have shot him several times, but did not.
There are mentions of people manumitted by Spartans, which was supposedly forbidden for helots, or sold outside of Lakonia: the poet Alcman; a Philoxenos from Cytherea, reputedly enslaved with all his fellow citizens when his city was conquered, later sold to an Athenian; a Spartan cook bought by Dionysius the Elder or by a king of Pontus, both versions being mentioned by Plutarch; and the famous Spartan nurses, much appreciated by Athenian parents.
Owing to a scribal error, Neferefre's name on this list is given as "Khanefere" or "Neferkhare".
Regular navvies were paid d per hour for a 10-hour working day, equivalent to about £16 per day in 2010.
Returning to Australia in 1935, McCauley joined the RAAF's Directorate of Training.
In patients developing liver failure, a liver transplant is often the only option to prevent death.
The importance of non-flying mammals to pollination of "B. integrifolia" was demonstrated in 1989, with a study in Wilsons Promontory National Park showing a reduction of fruit set when measures were taken to exclude them.
Twenty-one species of cetacean have been recorded in Scottish waters within the last 100 years including Cuvier's beaked whale, killer whales, sperm whales, minke whales and common, white-beaked and Risso's dolphins.
Stefani began wearing a bindi in the mid-1990s after attending several family gatherings for Tony Kanal, who is of Indian heritage.
This group of men replaced the previous system of using mostly local men, and are the first signs of a professional judiciary.
, the Wii has sold 101.63 million consoles worldwide.
Soon we shall have little or none."
Approximately 120 species, including both native and introduced, breed regularly in the archipelago.
Soon after attaining the premiership, Chamberlain obtained passage of the Factories Act 1937.
He published his treatise "Some Rules and Cautions to be Observed and Eschewed in Scottish Prosody" in 1584 at the age of 18.
The Sky Walk consists of a pedestrian walkway to an observation deck with a glass floor at the end of the bridge that allows views of the bridge and the valley directly below.
The 18th-century Armadale Castle, once home of Clan Donald of Sleat, was abandoned as a residence in 1925 but now hosts the Clan Donald Centre.
The third series remained in the same timeslot but, like other series on the network, suffered from ITV's late decision to add a third advert break to hour-long shows.
Æthelthryth, accompanied by her minister Owine, travelled from Ely to Northumbria when she married for the second time, to Ecgfrith.
was built by the Schichau shipyard in Danzig, under construction number 913.
These fossils of small-bodied crested duckbills were interpreted as adults of a distinct lineage of hadrosaurids, the subfamily Cheneosaurinae.
With the aid of his scribes, Euler's productivity on many areas of study actually increased.
But in 2006, the Abbey Theatre's new management pulled out of all involvement with "The Farnsworth Invention".
The distributions were consolidated so as to reduce the physical strain of the ceremony on the Queen as she aged.
A version for the Wii U console was released in October 2015.
Since the German battlecruisers were intended to fight in the line of battle, their armament needed to be sufficiently powerful to penetrate the armor of their British opponents.
In the past, the most commonly used methods were double immunodiffusion using calf thymus extracts, immunofluorescence on HEp-2 cells or immunoprecipitation from human cell extracts.
The proclamation, made on 11 November 1958 by Governor Dallas Brooks, was as follows: An Australian stamp issue of state floral emblems was issued in 1968, including the pink heath which was featured on the 13 cent stamp.
Charles A. Kraus proposed a better method for large-scale production that involved reacting the uranium oxide with carbon tetrachloride at high temperature and pressure.
"Los Angeles Times"' Mikael Wood stated that during the performance Rihanna dominated the stage pointing that she looked like a young version of Grace Jones.
The Cycle Center has eight private stall showers, four each for men and women, that are equipped with an attached personal dressing area.
The English Civil War put a stop to most reclamation work; however, in 1764 a clyse was built at Dunball to contain tidal influences on a run-off stream near King's Sedgemoor.
However, they do form attachments to their primary caregivers.
In contrast to his stated object, to winter as far south as possible, the South Orkneys were more than from the South Pole, but the northerly location had advantages.
Early in the 1934 season, Ruth openly campaigned to become the Yankees manager.
The transfer of power to Rajoelina, who adopted the title of President of the High Transitional Authority (HAT), was widely viewed as a "coup d'état" by members of the international community, leading many bilateral and intergovernmental donors to suspend non-humanitarian support to the regime.
Moreover, the Portuguese were determined to dominate the spice trade and had no intention of allowing competition to flourish.
He joined the first Board of Governors of York University in 1959, and was a member of the University of Toronto Senate in the same year.
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 14, 1998.
Roger Collins describes Marius as an especially reliable source because of his early date and his having lived close to Lombard Italy.
The celestial globe is dated 1592, but the terrestrial globe bears the year 1603 and is the only example of its kind.
Rand liked neither, but picked the latter.
By February 1795, they had reached Hanover.
The Alaska Mental Health Bill's stated purpose was to "transfer from the Federal Government to the Territory of Alaska basic responsibility for the hospitalization, care and treatment of the mentally ill of Alaska."
As the track dried and his rivals made their own pit stops Hamilton became the race leader, a position he held until the end of the race.
Rogers decided the way out of his financial difficulty was to lead another expedition, this time against pirates.
Gherardini secured a lease for another of the hospital's farms and, so that he could oversee the wheat harvest, the family spent summers there at the house named Ca' di Pesa.
Railroad companies were accused of failing to send cars with coal to that region that could then be used to transport grain from that region to Great Lakes ports.
After their marriage, they lived in the main house at Wappocomo, which had been built by Mary Catherine's father Nicholas Casey.
Team captain Jean Beliveau, the fourth player in league history to score 500 career goals, announced his retirement following the season.
Altdorfer also produced a great deal of religious artwork, in reflection of his devout Catholicism.
Around 1500, the innovation of the angled bastion was developed in Italy.
Spectre Media released "Starship Troopers: Invasion Mobile Infantry", a game for PCs, in 2012.
The prickly dense foliage is also a good nesting site and shelter, particularly for smaller birds, such as finches.
The grotto of Seokguram and the temple of Bulguksa were the first Korean sites to be included on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1995.
Another politically motivated Pagan rite was carried out there in the early 2010s by The Warrior's Call, a group seeking to prevent fracking in the United Kingdom by invoking "the traditional spirits of Albion" against it.
The red-throated loon is the smallest and lightest of the world's loon species, ranging from in length with a wingspan, and weighing .
Despite sightings of large flocks and a population which may exceed 100,000, the species is classed by the IUCN as Data Deficient due to the lack of detailed information on its range and numbers.
He had established a successful surgery and ophthalmology practice.
This distinction is not universally applied however; Sir Walter Scott for instance claims that the kelpie's range may extend to lochs.
The vertebrae of a second individual were recovered from a field near Pori on the coast of the Bothnian Sea in 1942 and identified in the Copenhagen Zoological Museum by Magnus Degerbøl.
He selected Robert Sallin, a director of television commercials and a college friend, to produce the film.
The passage shows the resurrection of the dead as the fires of the last day rage.
He later recalled that the album, with an arrangement by Younky Suwarno, had a "beautiful touch".
Venti are the Roman gods of the winds.
Fossils of the group are rare: by 2007, only about 25 fossil species were known.
It can, therefore, be performed only in a minority of cases.
It is possible however that she was a wife of Djedkare Isesi.
Everett singles it out as a case of McCartney's "penchant for the audience-charming vaudeville ... that Lennon detested".
That the Persian army was up to twice the size of the Macedonian army is not clear, and the relative positioning of the soldiers as reported by ancient sources has been disregarded.
He declared that surprises were in store for "Command & Conquer" fans waiting for him to return to his "roots" and "adrenaline-pumping soundtrack style", and suggested that they "imagine my mindset...when Command & Conquer first came out, and add about fifteen years experience to that."
Frank married into a family with wide theatrical connections.
By the twelfth century the site at Kilrymont, had become known simply as St. Andrews and it became increasingly associated with Scottish national identity and the royal family.
Sullivan asserts the book shows that pornography does not merely satisfy a need, but fosters an addiction.
The "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review", however, endorsed Sestak, calling him "incredibly intelligent, thoughtful and articular" while condemning Specter as a "self-serving political ferret" for switching parties.
A large crowd heard the Revd Basil Bourchier express the hope that "no one here today will forget what Mr Bottomley did to revive the spirits of our men at the Front".
The date was changed once more to August 3, before it was finally released in stores on August 24, 1995, the same day as the Microsoft's operating system Windows 95 version.
In 1990 Delrina devoted a relatively small space to this new product at that year's COMDEX (a computer trade show), under a sign that said simply: "Send a Fax from Your PC".
However, adding a benzodiazepine to treat psychosis, instead of an antipsychotic, may become a valid alternative according to the model of amphetamine-induced psychosis.
They found five species within "M. manavi", which are not each other's closest relatives, forming an example of convergent evolution.
They travelled south on the eastern side of the Red Sea via Saudi Arabia and Yemen, and returned north through Sudan and Eritrea.
English professor John W. Lowe stated that Dooley "set the model for an ethnic spokesman who could be entertaining and informative at the same time using humor to mask a subversive form of humor and get a message across.
Cleveland has an attraction for visitors and fans of "A Christmas Story": A Christmas Story House and Museum to see props, costumes, rooms, photos and other materials related to the Jean Shepherd film.
From Bristol to Bath the waterway follows the natural course of the River Avon before the canal links it to the River Kennet at Newbury, and from there to Reading on the River Thames.
Aristocratic Heian women lived restricted and secluded lives, allowed to speak to men only when they were close relatives or household members.
Separate colonies were carved from parts of New South Wales: South Australia in 1836, Victoria in 1851, and Queensland in 1859.
The squad was coached by Bert Cohen and former Test batsman and captain Jack Ryder, and Loxton credited the latter as the biggest influence on his career, saying Loxton improved significantly in his third season with the Colts, scoring his first century and taking 21 wickets, having managed only seven scalps in the two previous summers.
McKenna noted, "It was fortuitous that the march of events prevented Borah from joining those pacifists and liberals ... who trudged up the hill to Berchtesgaden to lay before the Fuehrer their plans for world peace".
Although there is some truth in the literal meaning of this, Cassius Dio asserts that it was a metaphor for the Empire's strength.
The cycle hence ends at lead-206, lead-207, lead-208, and bismuth-209.
Erisman was still working for the Goodmans, and was listed as editorial director of the new version of the magazine, but much of the editorial work was done by Daniel Keyes, who was credited as "Editorial Associate" on the 1951 issues.
The next game chronologically would be "Chains of Olympus" (2008), which takes place some time between "Ascension" and "God of War" (2005).
The park had dining halls, auditoriums, pavilions, a boathouse, an amphitheater, a bandstand, and athletic facilities.
After a number of battles, notably Spicheren, Wörth, Mars la Tour, and Gravelotte, the Prussians defeated the main French armies and advanced on the primary city of Metz and the French capital of Paris.
At his death Mendelssohn left some sketches for an opera on the story of the Lorelei.
He employed Oghuz and Pecheneg mercenaries in this campaign, perhaps to counter the Khazars' superior cavalry.
This 30 kW Nova Innovation device feeds into the local grid, and a 100kW tidal turbine was connected in August 2016.
Verrières Ridge lies south of the city of Caen, overlooking broad plains and dominating the countryside between Caen and Falaise.
These thick flows have subsequently eroded to produce rugged hills that limit the park on the east.
Growing interest and increased efforts in ASV contributed to delays in airborne intercept sets; the team spent a considerable time in 1937 and 1938 working on the ASV problem.
The winds also toppled utility poles and inflicted roof damage on buildings.
While Penn and Wilde had higher profiles than the actors who played the other finalists, Jacobs said they went through an identical audition process and stayed with the show based on the writers' interest in their characters.
The Tod Engine is one of three remaining rolling mill engines in the United States and is a Mechanical and Materials Engineering Landmark.
He wore fabric padding on his body to provide minimal additional protection.
Inanimate objects are imbued with character as well; the city of Paris, a backdrop for much of his writing, takes on many human qualities.
The ratio of the pennant is between 1:40 and 1:90.
The timing of these arrests and Richard's motivation are not entirely clear.
Obsidian provided proofs of concept that they could achieve the "South Park" look; Stone and Parker were satisfied with this.
Off the coast of Louisiana, the hurricane wrecked three boats, but all the occupants were safely rescued.
Khan has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide.
The Munshi returned to India in November 1899 for a year.
The head is grey with a broad white supercilium ("eyebrow"), and the outer tail feathers are white.
Bald eagles nest around Willow Lake.
His scheduled European tour was cancelled, but Dylan made a speedy recovery and left the hospital saying, "I really thought I'd be seeing Elvis soon."
In despair, Vitellius attempted to negotiate a surrender.
After the First World War, Poland and Lithuania both regained their independence but soon became immersed in territorial disputes.
In the 17th century, William Prynne wrote of the incident that "the Duke of Orleance ... put one of the Torches his servants held so neere the flax, that he set one of the Coates on fire, and so each of them set fire on to the other, and so they were all in a bright flame", whereas a contemporary chronicle stated that he "threw" the torch at one of the dancers.
He then returned to London with his mother and sisters, and on 2 November acquired a licence to travel abroad with his servants and horses.
On April 16, 1966, Bill Russell agreed to become head coach of the Boston Celtics; a public announcement was made two days later.
Real estate companies continued to advertise and sell land along newly dug canals.
This consisted of a rampart, ditch, and possibly a tower, in front of the gatehouse which could be used to further protect the entrance.
Fishers are viewed as predators by Olympic marmots, eliciting alarm calls when just passing by a colony.
Walter was not noted for his holiness in life or learning, but historians have judged him one of the most outstanding government ministers in English history.
In so doing, McKinley voted against the position of the House Republican leader, his fellow Ohioan and friend, James Garfield.
"Tintin in the Congo" was serialised under the French title of "Tintin au Congo" in "Le Petit Vingtième" from 5 May 1930 to 11 June 1931; it was syndicated to the French Catholic newspaper "Cœurs Vaillants".
The panorama of human activity reaches a moral fork in the road when the shopkeeper leads Valentin to Raphael's portrait of Jesus Christ.
The film will be named "How a Mosquito Operates"."
The band reunited in 2005 for a live benefit show, performing with a number of guest vocalists.
At the Battle of Grunwald in 1410, two distinct flags were present.
The fifth-brightest star is Zeta Apodis at magnitude 4.8, a star that has swollen and cooled to become an orange giant of spectral type K1III, with a surface temperature of 4649 K and a luminosity 133 times that of the Sun.
Other stories, though, suggested that the meeting occurred on another day, and perhaps under other circumstances.
CEUNPA advocates initially giving the UNPA advisory powers and gradually increasing its authority over the UN system.
Animated graphics of turntables, faders and other club equipment were projected behind the dancers and musicians.
When Moses Annenberg took over "The Philadelphia Inquirer", he announced that the paper would "continue to uphold the principles of the Republican Party", but in a meeting with newspaper editors shortly after, he proposed that the paper go independent and support President Franklin D. Roosevelt in the upcoming election.
Interior Minister Andrija Artuković arrived in Bjelovar after hearing such rumours.
Jackson then led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which caused the annexation of Florida from Spain.
Shays's Rebellion contributed to the belief that the Articles of Confederation needed to be revised.
The battle occurred during an extended commerce raiding operation by a French squadron led by Linois in the ship of the line "Marengo".
The arrival on 20 August 1869 of a survey party headed by Colonel John Stoughton Dennis increased anxiety among the Métis.
A few weeks later, he scored against Durham to help his county avoid defeat.
The Prince Regent and William Wellesley-Pole, Master of the Mint were impressed by Pistrucci's models, and he gained the commission.
Being a fringe member of the squad and having made only sporadic Test appearances in previous seasons, Hamence was not selected.
In response, Allied Headquarters denied that Patton had received an official reprimand, but confirmed that Patton had slapped at least one soldier.
Selected in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators, he made his debut with the Predators in 2011, becoming the first fourth-generation NHL player.
Squall is characterized by forlorn memories of standing out in the rain at the orphanage where he grew up, wondering where "Sis" went.
O'Brien's sister Ann was a talented swimmer in her childhood years, but she preferred horseback riding.
Parker never returned to the Comanche people, but was not happy to have been rescued  In contrast, the intervention was welcomed by a nine-year-old Mexican boy found hiding alone in the tall grass.
The Erie Water Works, which was incorporated in 1865 as the Erie Water and Gas Company, includes a reservoir, two water treatment plants, and an elaborate water works and pipe network that provides water for most of the city and suburbs.
Van Gogh's profound unhappiness seems to have overshadowed the lessons, which had little effect; in March 1868 he abruptly returned home.
Another attempt to deliver the Albacores and more Spitfires was made during Operation LB.
Also determined to fight a major engagement, the Duke of Marlborough, commander-in-chief of Anglo-Dutch forces, assembled his army – some 62,000 men – near Maastricht, and marched past Zoutleeuw.
According to Roman legend, chariot racing was used by Romulus just after he founded Rome in 753 BC as a way of distracting the Sabine men.
In the film, it takes more than a hundred questions to determine that Rachael is a replicant.
Somerset's only undoubted skill was as a soldier, which he had proven on expeditions to Scotland and in the defence of Boulogne-sur-Mer in 1546.
There have been six earthquakes with at least magnitude 6 or greater in historical times, including the 7.5‑magnitude Hebgen Lake earthquake which occurred just outside the northwest boundary of the park in 1959.
De Singe becomes obsessed with Guybrush's hand, as he believes it to be key to eternal life.
Moreover, the 30th Brigade had no light aid detachment (LAD) to work on them.
Middle-class people felt the call of conscience".
They had a lot of fun with its easy-to-learn controls, skill customization, and most of all, the varied brutal depictions of Conan's kills.
Kenrick especially likes Mitchell's "This Nearly Was Mine", and praises the concert generally: "this excellent performance helped restore the reputation of this classic".
Although the painting was celebrated as a technical accomplishment, some critics were uncertain if it had the correct moral effect.
At about the same time, Castillo Armas' planes flew over a pro-government rally in the capital.
For the entire first-class season, Booth had struck five centuries and totalled 1,180 runs.
The attempt was rendered moot on July 20 when a group of labor leaders, including United Automobile Workers President Walter Reuther, issued a statement calling Barkley too old and requesting that Democrats nominate someone younger like Stevenson.
The handover ceremony in 1997 marked for many, including Charles, Prince of Wales, who was in attendance, "the end of Empire".
The French and Indian War (1754–1763) led to the migration of many Native Americans westward to the Ohio River basin.
This damage wrecked the bow, and left the battleship's forward compartments flooded with 2,000 tons of water.
Polaris, the brightest star in the constellation, is a yellow-white supergiant and the brightest Cepheid variable star in the night sky, ranging from an apparent magnitude of 1.97 to 2.00.
With the support of McNutt, Minton won the nomination on the third ballot with 827 votes to Peters' 586.
The female lays two to four small cream-white eggs with brownish markings measuring , and incubates them for 14 days.
Lead artist Mark Lizotte captured over two-thousand photographs during his vacation in Europe, and these were the basis for many of the game's textures.
Suffering from insomnia, Beiderbecke played the piano late into the evenings, both to the annoyance and to the delight of his neighbors.
In 1828, she met and flirted with the French writer Prosper Mérimée, but her one surviving letter to him appears to be a deflection of his declaration of love.
The gunfire caused heavy damage to "Atlanta", and a type 93 torpedo strike cut all of her engineering power.
After US 16 was transferred to the new freeway, Grand River Avenue lost its state highway status along most of its length.
"Furious"s long exhaust ducting hampered landing operations, and restricted the size of the hangars and thus the number of aircraft that she could carry.
Furthermore, the Indiana townspeople represent "the religious nuts [who] in the end ... turn out to be right".
"The New York Times" reported that in the United States, an initial print run of 50,000 copies had been extended by another 25,000, with the book set to debut at Number 3 on "The New York Times" hardcover best-seller list.
When his father died in 1937 leaving $392,602 to be divided between Oppenheimer and his brother Frank, Oppenheimer immediately wrote out a will leaving his estate to the University of California for graduate scholarships.
Work was completed by September 1870.
Commercial divers using saturation techniques and heliox breathing gases routinely exceed , but they are also limited by physiological constraints.
The behavior of people in Karhide is dictated by "shifgrethor", an intricate set of unspoken social rules and formal courtesy.
The "Art Resource Guide" included sections detailing the lives and works of relevant artists such as Joseph Mallord William Turner, Claude Monet, Albert Bierstadt, and Camille Pissarro.
Teresa Cristina was the daughter of the then-Duke of Calabria, who later became King Don Francesco I (Francis I) of the Two Sicilies.
The District receives three electoral votes in presidential elections as permitted by the Twenty-third Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1961.
In the end, his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion.
Gabrielle Donnelly of the "Daily Mail" said that because of Laurie's complex personality, he was "perfectly cast" in the title role.
He started early in politics as well, attending the state Democratic convention that same year and giving speeches on behalf of the Democratic presidential candidate, Martin Van Buren.
Because Bede records the death of Deusdedit shortly after he mentions the outbreak of the plague, the historian J. R. Maddicott asserts that both Deusdedit and Eorcenberht were struck suddenly with the disease and died quickly.
The ponies are most commonly bay, chestnut, or grey.
RNC provides full-time and shorter courses in vocational and academic subjects for approximately 200 students aged 16 and above.
Aubrey was so despondent at losing his job Stanton feared he would kill himself.
Shimer College (pronounced ) was an American Great Books college located initially in Mount Carroll, then Waukegan and finally Chicago, Illinois.
Both trains were travelling at moderate speeds, and attempted to negotiate a sharp curve from opposite ends.
The "Petropavlovsk" class begun in 1892 took after the British s; later ships showed more French influence on their designs, such as the .
England won the match, using Bodyline tactics which had first been used earlier in the tour.
By the time Gould retired he was the most capped Welsh centre, a record he held until 1980, with 25 caps in the position.
The term gradually gained a more general meaning of growth or progressive development.
During the 2007–08 season, he was replaced by backup Chris Osgood, who had originally been waived by the Red Wings to make way for Hašek before the 2001–02 season.
During the PPR Central Committee Plenum of May 1945, Gomułka complained that the Polish masses regard the Polish communists as the "NKVD's worst agency" and Edward Ochab declared the withdrawal of the Soviet Army from Poland a high priority.
But closely connected deities did sometimes merge.
Minton was also in the majority in several cases filed to enforce decisions made by the National Labor Relations Board, usually to end worker strikes.
The seed is gradually drawn out by the movement with each wetting.
The latter had tried to resist al-Ikhshid's takeover in vain, as his troops had immediately defected, and was initially imprisoned by al-Ikhshid, only to be released in 939.
In late 1940, however, the struggling Cuba Mail Line chartered "Siboney" to American Export Lines which employed her on Jersey City–Lisbon service.
John H. Evans instead suggested an origin in Germany, and Ronald F. Jessup thought that their origins could be seen in the Cotswold-Severn megalithic group.
He discovered he had been sacked not from the club itself, but from the headline "Robson sacked" on an "Evening Standard" placard outside Putney station.
He occasionally resorted to wetting the bread to remove the more stubborn accretions.
"Nassau" then fell back into a position between the pre-dreadnoughts and .
To conserve coal, the ship was towed by the steamer "Koonya" to the Antarctic ice, after Shackleton had persuaded the New Zealand government and the Union Steamship Company to share the cost.
Measurements of the cosmic microwave background indicate that the universe is very nearly spatially flat, and therefore according to general relativity the universe must have almost exactly the critical density of mass/energy.
They settled at a site known as Fountain Cave.
The club operates a Development Squad, made up of contracted senior players, youth team scholars and trialists, which plays in the Southern Division of The Central League.
Because of the difficulty in seeing this species, it is usually censused by counting males calling between 11 pm and 3 am; the birds do not move much at night, whereas they may wander up to during the day, which could lead to double-counting if monitored then.
He was less successful in managing his team.
Numerous publications have shown that in vivo delivery systems are very promising and are diverse in characteristics, allowing numerous applications.
The show's highlights were pyrotechnics, lasers, and an tall animatronic dragon that breathed fire.
Inspired, Jesus finally throws a single weak punch.
Beep is also aimed to be used in lieu of cash in some convenience stores and other businesses.
Items of Norman's were distributed to students, some of whom wore them at later events.
Many writers highlight the fifteenth stage as the defining moment of the race.
In the early days of punk rock, this DIY ethic stood in marked contrast to what those in the scene regarded as the ostentatious musical effects and technological demands of many mainstream rock bands.
She also delivered medical personnel and relief supplies to Managua, Nicaragua, after an earthquake in 1931.
He and his wife Alice had six children, the second of whom—the eldest of four sons—was born in 1869 and was known by his fourth Christian name of "Telford".
On the east side of the building is Capitol Park, which includes a bronze equestrian statue by A. Phimister Proctor called "The Circuit Rider", statues of John McLoughlin ("John McLoughlin") and Jason Lee ("Jason Lee") by Gifford Proctor, and portions of the Corinthian columns of the second capitol building.
A two-part translation of Jean-Charles de Fontbrune's "Nostradamus: historien et prophète" was published in 1980, and John Hogue has published a number of books on Nostradamus from about 1987 including "Nostradamus and the Millennium: Predictions of the Future", "Nostradamus: The Complete Prophecies" (1999) and "Nostradamus: A Life and Myth" (2003).
Proceeding by limousine to the offices of , they were greeted by further crowds, largely of Catholic Boy Scouts; Pepermans gave a speech on the building's balcony, before gifts were distributed to fans.
They are currently found in 22 states in the US, and are protected under state and federal laws.
While most pups will survive to be weaned, Guiler reported that up to three fifths of devils do not reach maturity.
Historian John H. Lavalle argues that: Marlborough was equally adept at both battle and siege.
The tile floor was replaced with cork.
The couple moved to Paris, where he worked as a foreign correspondent and fell under the influence of the modernist writers and artists of the 1920s "Lost Generation" expatriate community.
According to the sheet music published by Dirk Music, "Here We Go Again" is set in 12/8 time with a slow shuffle tempo of sixty-nine beats per minute.
Trees in the monument include Douglas fir, oak, white fir, and alder.
opined, the Tagora "has such a complete blandness of style as to disqualify it instantly in a market where character and status count for so much."
He had an opportunity to serve at the front when the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment elected him commander with the rank of colonel early in the war, but at Governor Morgan's request, he turned it down to remain at his post in New York.
The lot had been reserved for the Metropolitan Opera house, but the managers could not wait anymore to develop the lot, and in 1937, the opera plans were formally scrapped.
In December 1994, Alan Parker signed on to write and direct the film after being approached by Stigwood and Vajna.
The bog body has been on temporary display in other venues: at the Manchester Museum on three occasions, April to , March to , and to ; and at the Great North Museum in Newcastle from August to .
Children were also affected through the loss of parents in the bombing.
"Archaeopteryx" was the first fossil found that revealed a potential connection between dinosaurs and birds.
It is expected that due to their proximity to the heavy moisture of the Congo region, the glaciers in the Ruwenzori Range may recede at a slower rate than those on Kilimanjaro or in Kenya.
The northwestern Kipchak Khanate, known as the Golden Horde, expanded towards Europe, primarily via Hungary and Poland, while its leaders simultaneously opposed the rule of their cousins back at the Mongol capital.
On the tour of South Africa, MCC were led by Frank Mann.
When the sun rose they were surrounded by water.
She was taken to Kingstown (modern Dún Laoghaire) and from there back to Richmond via Holyhead, in the custody of the Scotland Yard men.
The name "Ceratosaurus" may be translated as "Horn lizard" (from Greek "κερας/κερατος, keras/keratos"—"horn" and "σαυρος"/"sauros"—"lizard"), and "nasicornis" with "nose horn" (from Latin "nasus"—"nose" and "cornu"—"horn").
Her third column, "The darkness that all actors fear", was a more personal column and dealt with her stardom, fans, insecurity and fears as an actor.
The lower end of the "likely" range appears to be better constrained than the upper end.
Although hesitant to play another vampire, McNab came to realize that the character was less of a vampire and more of a "girl who woke up and was basically drugged or was changed and didn't know what was going on".
"It took me a while," Nimoy says, "but I got rid of all that anger when I realized that I never had to worry about work ever since "Star Trek" went on the air."
The president gave age as the reason, but philosophical differences with Hand may also have played a part.
Turning southeast, SR 78 continues into the city of San Marcos near California State University San Marcos and enters Escondido, where it has an interchange with I-15.
The NSW government ceded the Federal Capital Territory (as it was then known) to the federal government.
She also bought him his first cricket bat.
Today the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance continues to lobby for protection.
Joyce enrolled at the recently established University College Dublin (UCD) in 1898, studying English, French and Italian.
When Raj says he believes Simran loves him too, his father encourages him to go after her.
Among the new features touted before the game's release was "Auto Challenge Tuning", which Insomniac CEO Ted Price described as "invented to even out the gameplay difficulty curve for players of different abilities".
In his closing remarks Atkinson described the murders as a "truly horrible case" and condemned the accused as "two sadistic killers of the utmost depravity".
At the same time Air General ("General der Flieger") Karl Koller had ordered JV 44 to relocate to Prague and continue fighting.
He learnt of the French advance at about the same time as Graham, and decided to entrench his full force on the isthmus defending the approach to the Isla de Léon.
Dubbed the "pooper scooper law", its authorization by the Board of Supervisors was covered extensively by television and newspapers in San Francisco.
When Arnold arrived outside Boston, he told the Massachusetts Committee of Safety about the cannons and other military equipment at the lightly defended fort.
Himmler followed the advice of the commander of the 13th SS Division "Handschar", "SS Brigadeführer and Generalmajor of Waffen-SS" (Brigadier) Karl-Gustav Sauberzweig, and agreed to form the division in the neighbouring Bácska () region annexed by Hungary instead of Bosnia.
"The Guardian" disagreed with this perspective, arguing that "her affinity with Japanese pop culture [...] yields a synthetic sheen [...] that works well with the other point of reference, hip-hop."
The tone is perfect and it is done in a non-patronising, engaging way".
It received perfect scores from both AllMusic and "Tiny Mix Tapes", the latter calling it "one of the best albums of the 20th century."
debuted atop the ARIA Singles Chart on November 14, 2004 and stayed there for two weeks.
Over forty writings are attributed to him, of which the musical treatise "Sri Tatwanidhi" and a poetical romance called "Saugandika Parinaya" written in two versions, a "sangatya" and a drama, are most well known.
On 13 December 1883 he took part with Stockley in a performance at Birmingham Town Hall of one of his first works for full orchestra, the "Sérénade mauresque" – the first time one of his compositions had been performed by a professional orchestra.
By the beginning of the 19th century the only significant improvement had been the paving of Gentleman's Walk.
Over 50% of the Riverina's wine production is exported.
Leidy subsequently moved "E.orientalis" to the now dubious genus "Discosaurus" in the following year.
French newspapers claimed that only half of the registered voters in Saigon had actually voted, and that the rest had boycotted the election, implying that more than 60% of the votes in the capital were not authentic.
Females have less boldly coloured plumage and bills, lacking the pattern of black stripes on the male's head.
During the 18th century, a croft named "Grukalty" was renamed "Agricola" (which is also Latin for "farmer").
Although Strapping Young Lad was officially on hiatus, they gave occasional live performances, including an appearance on the Foot In Mouth Tour in 2001 with Fear Factory.
In June 2011, Scott and Lindelof confirmed that "Prometheus" takes place in the same universe as the events of the "Alien" series.
The as yet undiscovered Diego Ramírez Islands, at 56°30'S, are treeless and cannot have been the islands where Drake's crew collected wood.
By December 2005, the organization had received messages through its website from pornographic film actors and men with pornography addiction who said that JC's Girls had changed their lives.
The plates enable the whale to filter feed.
The head of the investigation stated that "although the money for the portfolio came from public funds like Palestinian taxes, virtually none of it was used for the Palestinian people; it was all controlled by Arafat.
MTV described "Reign in Blood" as essential listening, and the album was ranked number 7 on IGN's "Top 25 Most Influential Metal Albums".
He said later that he found the discipline of writing for seven hours a day difficult at first, but that the process had turned him from a journalist into something more substantial.
"I'm Not There" (2007) saw Moore work with Todd Haynes for the third time.
The variety "B. b. macrostipitatus" is found from eastern Canada south to Maine and New York, while variety "B. b. glaber" is known from the Atlantic Maritime Ecozone of eastern Canada.
The rebuild had not been completed when Italy surrendered to the Allies, and "Premuda" was seized by Germany at Genoa on 8 or 9 September 1943.
It is usually found in wet habitats, such as marshes, but also lives in drier forests and shrublands.
Simpson blamed himself for the loss for pushing too hard on a turn and being unable to recover for the next.
With the destruction of nerve cells, the muscles no longer receive signals from the brain or spinal cord; without nerve stimulation, the muscles atrophy, becoming weak, floppy and poorly controlled, and finally completely paralyzed.
On 11 December 1989 Moosally testified before the SASC.
The dragon reveals that it is not the Divine Visitor but the Heresy Program, a rogue Sestren AI.
A low pressure area developed along the axis of the tropical wave on September 9, which caused convective activity to increase further.
The Save the Tasmanian Devil Appeal is the official fundraising entity for the Save the Tasmanian Devil Program.
The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Versailles Treaty.
When these clouds are present, the typical coverage ranges from 30% to 50%.
The more massive AGB stars may undergo a brief period of carbon fusion before the core becomes degenerate.
Their flight involved an ascent to more than before landing near the West German town of Naila.
As executive director of the Council for National Policy, McEwen was embroiled in controversy over inaction of alerting the Ohio Republican Party about Wes Goodman's sexual activities in 2015 before Goodman ran for office of the Ohio House of Representatives.
The two Australian fighter bomber squadrons provided close air support to the Allied armies and attacked German supply lines until the end of the war.
Many of his former teammates and other famous baseball players served as pallbearers, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson gave the eulogy.
In 2016, the United States Geological Survey made hazard maps for the state, determining a 1% or lower risk of a major earthquake within the next year.
Cameron was once a renowned architect, but now gets few commissions.
Trade dollars initially held legal tender status, but it was revoked in 1876 to prevent bullion producers from making a profit by coining silver into trade dollars when the value of the metal was low.
Regarding the themed courts in the game, he explained that the concepts were conceived during long brainstorming sessions, with courts selected that would both remind gamers of older "Mario" games and introduce new gamers to "Mario" games they may not have played.
Behind them, around 1,000 of the infantry formed in the rice paddies to the east of the road in an attempt to envelop the American forces but were repulsed.
The press and public also responded favourably.
He later translated the missing songs and dialogue, with Bob Tartell, and the show has been toured widely under the name "Der Yiddisher Pinafore".
For example, there is evidence of medieval clearance of woodland on the slopes around Nempnett Thrubwell, south of Bishop Sutton and west and south of Chelwood.
Her three sister ships, , and , were all in service before the end of 1850.
The demise of Gomułka's tactical allies, the "Puławy" faction, gradually replaced by Gomułka's own people, was marked by the removal from the Politburo of Roman Zambrowski, the leading Jewish politician.
As the "galeota" approached, more canoes put out from the shore and the Spanish were surrounded.
The closed "mantapa", well decorated inside and out, is larger than the vestibule connecting the shrine and the "mantapa" and has four lathe-turned pillars to support the ceiling, which may be deeply domed.
After his death, however, stories about his evangelism circulated widely.
The oldest team in the league, the third place Leafs were led in goal by 37-year-old Terry Sawchuk and 42-year-old Johnny Bower.
"Electra Heart" performed moderately on additional record charts in Europe.
Record companies latched on to the more polished glam metal subgenre over the NWOBHM bands, which maintained a fan base elsewhere in Europe, but found themselves crowded out of the UK and US markets by the success of these American groups.
When the show was cancelled, owner Paramount Pictures hoped to recoup their production losses by selling the syndication rights to the show.
Following the war, one important research avenue was trying to increase the design bandwidth of wide-band filters.
This was the last campaign of the War of the First Coalition, part of the French Revolutionary Wars.
Painted in van der Weyden's Brussels workshop – most likely with the aid of apprentices – the completed panels were then transported to the hospice.
Kovalainen recovered from his stall to finish eighth, one place ahead of Räikkönen, who set the fastest lap of the race on lap 74, a 1:16.689.
Innis got his first taste of university teaching at Chicago, where he delivered several introductory economics courses.
The first bridge on the site was a toll bridge built by Julian Tolmé in 1873, in the expectation that the western terminus of the Hammersmith and City Railway would shortly be built on the north bank, leading to a sharp increase in the number of people wanting to cross the river at this point.
When Reyn-Bardt was confronted with the discovery of the skull from Lindow Moss, he confessed to the murder of his wife.
The members separate when three girls approach the male band members.
Louisville, meanwhile, returned to its winning ways.
Following his retirement Stevenson called for the restoration of the death penalty for all murders, and made frequent guest appearances on television until his health and eyesight began to fail.
Vance's demands to see the hospital, from which wounded patients were being dragged out to be killed, were rebuffed by one of the massacre's chief architects, Major Veselin Šljivančanin.
Another collection of items collected by the Forsters is on display at the Pitt Rivers Museum in Oxford.
Wilson wrote that Jenner was "eccentric... the very antithesis of the 'wise', 'mighty', and 'noble'," but that his life was therefore a good demonstration of 2 Corinthians 12:9, which states that God's "power is made perfect in weakness."
The trade was viewed as a good acquisition for both teams, as Pryce was considered a driver of the same ability as Peterson, but would cost Lotus less, while Peterson could attract sponsorship to the relatively new Shadow team.
David Bell edited the music, and Richard D. James was the production designer.
A committee of Caribbean nations realized the local governments could not provide the support that Grenada needed in its aftermath, and thus turned to international assistance.
Windeyer had a reputation for being a harsh and inflexible judge, particularly in criminal cases, where he was said to have "a rigorous and unrelenting sense of the retribution that he believed criminal justice demanded, [and] a sympathy verging on the emotional for the victims of crime."
An aspect of Vijayanagara architecture that shows the cosmopolitanism of the great city is the presence of many secular structures bearing Islamic features.
Structure 68 is in the West Group.
The latter was observed in 1938–1940, when a few white ovals appeared as a result of instability of the southern temperate zone; they later merged to form Oval BA.
Traveling by railroad, the regiment paused in New York City, marching down Fifth Avenue, and was received with a formal ceremony and the presentation of a national battle flag made by a committee of the ladies of New York.
So large was Pryce's advantage at the end of the race, many of the other teams voiced an opinion that Pryce's car had run the race underweight; it turned out that the circuit's weighbridge certificate had expired and everyone's cars had been underweight.
At that time, the simmering disagreement between the free and slave states heated up with the introduction of the Kansas–Nebraska Act, proposed by Illinois Democrat Stephen A. Douglas, which would open the Kansas and Nebraska territories to slavery, an implicit repeal of the Missouri Compromise of 1820.
The solar wind travels outward continuously through the heliosphere, forming the solar magnetic field into a spiral shape, until it impacts the heliopause more than 50 AU from the Sun.
Korean records, probably based on the dynastic chronicles of Silla, record that Saro-guk was established in 57 BCE, when six small villages in the Gyeongju area united under Bak Hyeokgeose.
The royal palace, the Taiji Palace, stood north of the city's central axis.
Baltimore City College began competing against other secondary schools in 1919 when it was invited to join the Maryland Scholastic Association (MSA) as a founding member.
From this, the florets radiate out laterally, giving the inflorescence a diameter of .
While in America, Oliphant discovered that the chairman of the OSRD S-1 Section, Lyman Briggs, had locked away the MAUD reports transferred from Britain entailing the initial discoveries and had not informed the S-1 Committee members of all its findings.
Hippopotamidae are sometimes known as hippopotamids.
The survivors were back at Truk on 20 February and the air group was disbanded.
"Secret of Mana" was originally intended to be a launch title for the Super NES CD-ROM Adapter, but when the add-on was cancelled it was cut down into a standard Super NES cartridge, with many of the cut ideas appearing in other Square titles.
Manchester City had a strong season in 1955–56, finishing fourth in the league and reached the FA Cup final against Birmingham City.
Once you've done that you can go on forever."
He was particularly impressed with how carrier doctrine had evolved in the time since his own assignment on a carrier, and in June 1943, he was ordered to observe operations on the light aircraft carrier , learning the unique challenges of using light carriers.
From there, M-35 runs northeasterly to the Escanaba area before turning northwesterly to its northern terminus outside of Negaunee in Negaunee Township.
Thompson was also greatly influenced by the Beatles self-titled 1968 release (known as White Album) with regards to the experimental nature of his compositions (especially those featured in Doolittle).
For Life Music published a single of the theme song for the Japanese version of the game, "Kimi ga Iru Kara" (君がいるから, "Because You're Here"), in 2009.
The Tiger was spotted by the Firefly crew through the windows of a corner building.
The emperor deserting the capital would have been viewed as an act of capitulation, so court officials convinced him to abdicate.
It may circle or hover before diving, and then plunges directly into the water, whereas the Arctic tern favours a "stepped-hover" technique, and the roseate tern dives at speed from a greater height, and submerges for longer.
When the Covenant invade the city, the reporter and fellow citizens take to its defense, until they are forced to flee as the city faces ruin.
Critics argue that farmers lawfully use large quantities of the fertilizer, and as of 2009, only Nevada and South Carolina require identification from purchasers.
The size and depth of the tunnels used on the deep tube lines, including the Northern line, does have drawbacks: the tunnels have a limited loading gauge and the lines suffer from overheating in the summer.
Ryholt observes that early Hyksos kings, such as Sakir-Har and Khyan, are known to have adopted the title "Heqa khasewet" meaning "ruler of the foreign countries", a title which Sheshi did not bear.
In January 1944, he joined No. 2 Operational Training Unit (OTU) at Mildura, Victoria, becoming chief flying instructor in March.
Powderfinger's reason to be is to create songs strong enough for the band and audience to play and hear months or years down the line".
Roberts wrote to several of the sculptors, and found Aitken interested in creating the $50 pieces.
President Ford sent Sipple a note of thanks for saving his life.
After moving northwestward for an extended period of time, it turned and accelerated to the north.
By 1847, the couple had found the palace too small for court life and their growing family, and consequently the new wing, designed by Edward Blore, was built by Thomas Cubitt, enclosing the central quadrangle.
Three days later the VNQDD accused the Buddhists of attacking their premises in Hội An and Da Nang, while US officials reported that the VNQDD were making plans to assassinate leading Buddhists, such as the activist monk Thích Trí Quang.
The set-piece in "Bezhin Meadow" where the villagers desecrate the village church in response to Stepok's death, which was removed in later versions of the film, has been called "one of the great set-pieces in cinema", and a further demonstration of the Biblical imagery featured in the film.
I pushed like mad, yet everyone was gathered around the winner and they were thinking that I was just trundling around.
Like many satellites of Saturn discovered prior to the Space Age, Enceladus was first observed during a Saturnian equinox, when Earth is within the ring plane.
The lowest point in Trafford, near Warburton, is above sea level.
It is also found further east in Melanesia, including Yos Sudarso Bay in New Guinea, Papua New Guinea, Malaita and Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Kioa Island in Fiji, and New Hebrides.
According to custom, pretenders to the throne had historically been put to death upon the naming of a new sovereign.
At the time of its inception, its main streaming Cell processor delivered a 20x speed increase over PCs for some calculations, processing power which could not be found on other systems such as the Xbox 360.
"The Guardian" collated worldwide data in 1997 from a range of renowned critics, artists, and radio DJs, who placed the record at number 78 in the list of the 100 Best Albums Ever.
Follow-up observations were then carried out to make a preliminary determination of Eris's orbit, which allowed the object's distance to be estimated.
The colour version, released in November 2004, was a commercial success.
The Lisbon fragments are each a third of the size of "The Magdalen", which measures .
I carried out the same manoeuvre and, sure enough, the next Il-2 went down on fire.
The fusionism movement collapsed as the Colorados abandoned the coalition to join Flores' ranks.
At the same time, "Markgraf"s secondary guns fired on the cruiser , which was seriously damaged by 15 heavy shells and forced to withdraw.
In June, he was appointed as captain for the Test against New Zealand (two more Tests were later added).
The party felt that the government should solve economic problems before spending money on the arts.
Don H. Bacon, who joined the Minnesota Iron Company as general manager in 1887 and eventually became its president, was an ardent traveler who named many mines after Mediterranean islands, including Malta, Maiorica, Corsica, and Elba.
It was his longest-held role, running for 345 performances until May 1911, initially at the Gaiety Theatre in New York, and then on tour.
The eleventh stage was run without problems until the final mile, when environmentalist protestors occupied the finish line and forced the annulment of the stage.
In females, the eyes are widely separated but in males they are almost touching; they are often patterned and brightly coloured in life but appear dull in preserved specimens.
On defense, the Hokies were led by linebacker Vince Hall, who recorded seven solo tackles, one assisted tackle, and one pass break-up.
This led to a conflict between her parents, and they separated.
"Weird Tales" was by now well established, but in 1931 Clayton finally gave it some direct competition with "Strange Tales", which was also edited by Bates.
Cameroon has four patterns of drainage.
Thirty-six thousand years ago a large mudflow cascaded down the volcano; mudflows were significant forces in all of St. Helens' eruptive cycles.
Their weapons were seized and they were temporarily detained in the Bjelovar high school.
Their desire to return to Bikini was thwarted indefinitely by the U.S. decision to resume nuclear testing at Bikini in 1954.
Later that year, the Morgan Athletic Club, on the South Side of Chicago, was founded.
(Through service between Cincinnati and Dayton had begun that summer.)
The rural artistic tradition of the "hira gasy" is equally joyful but more elaborate, showcasing the music, dance and oratory skills of a large troupe that includes male and female vocalists, drums, sodina, and a variety of orchestral instruments such as clarinets, trumpets and violins.
While offshore the eastern United States, the hurricane's strongest winds were on the eastern periphery, which reduced the winds over land.
In the early 1990s Erhard faced family problems, as well as tax problems that were eventually resolved in his favor.
Whereas science fiction films often show a world wherein some new technology or threat either surpasses or fails humanity, "The Films of Luc Besson" included "The Fifth Element" amongst the minority of science fiction films that "hold up a mirror" and show humankind as responsible.
Nappi followed trends initiated by Gillies and often illustrated Nancy wearing the same clothing more than once, including a mustard shirtwaist dress.
More German troops had arrived, and engaged the 22nd Armoured Brigade group along the road back to Livry.
"P. madagascariensis" is known from sites throughout this range, but "P. germainepetterae" has only been definitely recorded from the center; small bones from southern sites may also belong to it.
After Wollstonecraft's death, Godwin and Joseph Johnson, Wollstonecraft's publisher and close friend, contacted Fanny's father, but he was uninterested in raising his child.
Grasses and plants which grew well in the early summer soon turned to dry tinder.
In April 1903 a service to honor the memory of Reform rabbi and Zionist leader Gustav Gottheil was held there, and a similar service was held for Theodore Herzl the following year.
He saw the Academy as the peak lobby group of the scientific community and their main liaison with government and industry.
By morning, they had reached Schuyler Island, about up the lake.
In his senior year, Schmid was selected to the 1975 All Far-West team.
The House Judiciary Committee opened impeachment hearings against the President on May 9, 1974, which were televised on the major TV networks.
An alleged third script, the "mama" or "va‘eva‘e" described in some mid-twentieth-century publications, was "an early twentieth-century geometric [decorative] invention".
Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes were hired to write a script with Murphy as a college professor who believes in aliens and likes to play whale songs.
In its study of 2012 FBI Uniform Crime Reports, national realtor Movoto LLC assessed Briarcliff Manor as the second-safest municipality in New York, with the second-lowest crime rate in the state.
The trade to the Phillies ended Stengel's major league season for 1919, as he refused to report unless he got a raise, and when one was not forthcoming, returned to Kansas City to raise a barnstorming team.
Internal wars in Europe, such as the War of the Vespers, were also distracting attention, and making it less likely for European nobles to want to commit their military to the Crusades, when they were more needed at home.
Brettingham described the building of Holkham as "the great work of [my life]", and when he published his "The Plans and Elevations of the late Earl of Leicester's House at Holkham", he immodestly described himself as sole architect, making no mention of Kent's involvement.
Peter Rainier, in HMS "Suffolk and commanding six other ships, was to escort the convoys for the rest of their passage.
Fearing that exposure of her adultery would ruin her public image, it was ultimately agreed that Blyton would instead file for divorce against Pollock.
In the 1911 Republican nominating convention, Bradley did not support Edward C. O'Rear, the party's eventual gubernatorial nominee.
Each year, mortality can reach 58% a year for adults and 69% for the young.
A major land reform was also conducted, led by Wolf Ladejinsky of MacArthur's SCAP staff.
William and his wife, James's elder daughter Mary, were recognised by the English and Scottish parliaments as king and queen.
The juries were to be chosen by a committee of four knights, also elected by the county court.
She once said, "I believe in God, not magic."
Poul Anderson and Gordon R. Dickson contributed "Heroes Are Made", the first in their Hoka series, and Palmer obtained fiction from other well-known writers such as Fredric Brown and Wilson Tucker.
These turned out to be the wrong products: Metrovick had been told to directly copy ("Chinese") the 1937 design by Percy Hibberd, but Bawdsey had delivered the wrong prototype to Metrovick, who copied it.
The covered bridge crosses Muncy Creek in Davidson Township on Champion Hill Road (Township Road 310), just east of U.S. Route 220.
I suspect it will take a few years before significant and pervasive gameplay innovation occurs here."
The various clips of Colbert's speech had been viewed 2.7 million times in less than 48 hours.
His father was a military bandmaster, clarinettist and music teacher, born in Ireland and raised in Chelsea, London; his mother was English born, of Irish and Italian descent.
Tonelli then withdrew from the 100 m butterfly to concentrate on the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists: Paramount Home Entertainment released the film on VHS, Betamax, Laserdisc, and CED videodisc in 1981 in its original theatrical version.
It is a festive, rich instrumentation for the holiday, whereas the previous two cantatas in Weimar had not employed brass instruments.
Chicks are fed initially by the male, both parents sharing the duty after a few days when the female does not need to brood so often, and they fledge in a further 14–15 days.
On the night of the 16th, the French controlled the Kolmberg that Klenau had fought over all day, and a Hessian soldier wrote: "it was the worst bivouac we had experienced on this campaign.
The 20th-century critic Spencer Hall argues that the poet represents a "fragile kind of humanism".
Over time, the album continued to be delayed.
Some have been critical of the book's sexually explicit scenes, use of language, and irreverent depictions of religion.
His actual model for the Rector of Justin was "the greatest man it has been my good luck to know" – Judge Learned Hand.
In all of the experiments, the sail failed to reach the 210 °C (410 °F) required to catch fire, and the verdict was again "busted".
Short branch tunnels lead off on either side; originally used for storage, they now display wartime objects.
This campaign dominated the activities of eight of the ten Australian squadrons in the UK, as well as most of the airmen posted to RAF units.
The track was featured on the "Saw III" soundtrack, and won a Grammy-award for "Best Metal Performance" at the 49th Grammy Awards, although the band were unable to attend due to touring obligations.
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on Wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on Thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm.
Novelist and short-story writer Richard Yates lived at the corner of Revolutionary Road and Route 9 in Scarborough as a boy, and named his novel "Revolutionary Road"; it was made into a 2008 film.
The train carries 30,000 passengers per day, and operates 365 days per year.
Nevertheless, the music press awarded the song an "anthem-of-a-generation" status, placing Cobain as a reluctant spokesman for Generation X. "The New York Times" wrote that Smells Like Teen Spirit' could be this generation’s version of the Sex Pistols' 1976 single, 'Anarchy in the U.K.', if it weren’t for the bitter irony that pervades its title ... as Nirvana knows only too well, teen spirit is routinely bottled, shrink-wrapped and sold."
Purges of ethnic minorities increased in frequency, and thousands of refugees fled to Vietnam and Laos.
Along with the rest of South West England, Bath has a temperate climate which is generally wetter and milder than the rest of the country.
According to Jamal al-Durrah, five bullets were recovered from his body by physicians in Gaza and four in Amman.
Barring one change in the bowling department, the same team went on to be selected for the First Test, with the top six batsmen in the same position.
The Spurs went on to conclude the 2013–14 regular season with a league-best 62 wins.
In summer 1548, a pregnant Catherine Parr discovered Thomas Seymour embracing Lady Elizabeth.
"West Conob"s single screw propeller was in diameter with a pitch and a developed area of .
Callaghan was a few days senior to the more experienced Scott, and therefore was placed in overall command.
In 1941, Frisch moved to London to work with Chadwick and his cyclotron.
Both the subgroup as well as the corresponding quotient are abelian, whereas D is not abelian.
They had to be periodically inspected by technicians wearing gloves and respirators.
The Altrincham Garrick group was formed in 1913.
(The same alphabet was also used in the 1951 and 1952 seasons, before being replaced by female naming in 1953.)
Michael sees two separate therapists: Dr. Jonathan Lee (BD Wong) in the "red reality", and Dr. Judith Evans (Cherry Jones) in the "green reality".
At times, some ox cart trains did not go all the way through, but were supplemented by river craft.
The starring troupe are Mathew Baynton, Simon Farnaby, Martha Howe-Douglas, Jim Howick, Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond, alongside a large supporting cast headed by Sarah Hadland, Lawry Lewin and Dominique Moore.
Gibson later commented on himself as an author, circa "Neuromancer", that "I'd buy him a drink, but I don't know if I'd loan him any money," and referred to the novel as "an adolescent's book".
This type of tissue is called catch connective tissue and is found in most echinoderms.
"Capcom [hoped to] bring back the fighting genre into the mainstream market [...] with a serious fighting game for very hardcore fans, and another with a slightly lowered barrier to entry," Niitsuma said.
Jane's execution by a Catholic queen made her into what the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" terms a "Protestant martyr", and by the end of the century Jane had become, in the words of the historian Eric Ives, "a Protestant icon".
Apparently close at first, the couple grew apart.
One of his first actions as president was to meet directly with the company's 40 department heads and 150 other employees.
Workers within the statue had to wear protective gear, dubbed "moon suits", with self-contained breathing circuits.
A filter with similar properties can be constructed with λ/4 open-circuit stubs placed in series with the line and coupled together with λ/4 impedance transformers, although this structure is not possible in planar technologies.
The sudden change came with no corresponding officer training; new units were led by commanders who had not been given sufficient tactical training in using their units.
He was also an outspoken Funder during Virginia's heated debate as to how much of its pre-War debt the state ought to have been obliged to pay back.
As it approaches the village, it passes Historic Mill Creek State Park and several motels.
In 1807, mint Director Robert Patterson in a letter explained to Jefferson (by then president) "nearly the whole of our Silver Bullion (chiefly Spanish dollars) come through the Banks, and it is very seldom that they will consent to take any coin less than half dollars."
Whereas on the earlier song Smith described himself as "Northern white crap that talks back", in the opening lines of "Hex Enduction Hour" he complains that the fact that contemporary music lacks culture is his "brag", observing that a "taste for bullshit reveals a lust for a home of office" and references "obligatory niggers", before accusingly shouting "Hey there, fuckface, hey there, fuckface".
The governor opined that Blair, who was slightly built, stoop-shouldered, and suffering from tuberculosis, would leave Eliza a widow within six months.
In the ensuing short engagement "Markgraf" hit the cruiser five times with her secondary guns.
Davis managed to rake the cockpit of one Zero and kill the pilot, earning him his fifth victory to become a flying ace.
As late as 1 August 1780 there were newspaper reports that she was "repairing and will soon be fit for sea", but no repairs were made.
At the same time, Ross began to make her first solo recordings.
The Undertaker then chokeslammed A-Train and, since the referee had recuperated, covered his opponent for the pinfall.
It also has a distinctive fishy smell, which does not affect the taste.
Although the circumstances of many are unknown, a significant suit was initiated by Member for Chippenham Francis Newdigate at the start of the 1563 parliamentary session, when Pleydell is known to have been in a considerable amount of debt.
He argued that all the differences between humans and apes were explained by a combination of the selective pressures that came from our ancestors moving from the trees to the plains, and sexual selection.
The Ravensbourne Morris's hoodening tradition is the earliest known variant of the custom to exist in West Kent, although there are accounts of a hooden horse being located at Balgowan School in the West Kentish town of Beckenham during the 1930s.
The Nemegt Formation is unique in having both oviraptorid and caenagnathid oviraptorosaurs, and in 1993 Phillip J. Currie and colleagues suggested this diversity was due to the two groups preferring different environments in the area.
It measures from east to west and from north to south.
He briefly attended the University of Toronto's medical school before being drafted into the Canadian Army on 15 May 1918, serving in the Canadian Field Artillery (67th Battery) as a gunner.
Making use of the breeze, in one 11 over stretch Johnson conceded only three runs—including eight maidens, taking one wicket.
They may have provided support for the vertebrae, or perhaps prevented the blood vessels from being crushed if the animal's heavy tail pressed against the ground.
In late 1845, Polk sent diplomat John Slidell to Mexico to purchase New Mexico and California for $20–40 million, as well as securing Mexico's agreement to a Rio Grande border.
UConn's turnover woes continued on their next possession when, on their second play from scrimmage after receiving Buffalo's kickoff, Tyler Lorenzen was sacked, causing him to fumble the ball.
Martinique and Guadeloupe are also home to their own distinct folk traditions, most influentially including Guadeloupan "gwo ka" and Martinican "tambour" and "tibwa".
Also in the 1983–84 season, the Devils hosted the annual NHL All-Star Game.
Hyde flees to Jekyll's laboratory, where Utterson is waiting to confront the doctor about his will; he insults Utterson and leaves.
This blocking force was put under the command of Lieutenant General Erwin Rommel and included the motorized 5th Light Division and the 15th Panzer Division.
Kent was rich, with strong trade ties to the continent, and Æthelberht may have instituted royal control over trade.
Nyungwe Forest, in the west, has 280 recorded species, of which 26 are endemic to the Albertine Rift; endemic species include the Ruwenzori turaco and handsome francolin.
Together with their fellow Lake Poet William Wordsworth, based at Grasmere, away, they made the scenic beauty of the area widely known to readers in Britain and beyond.
Gol Flight 1907 (ICAO code "GLO 1907") departed Eduardo Gomes International Airport in Manaus on 29 September 2006, at 15:35 Brazil Standard Time (BRT) (18:35 UTC), en route to Rio de Janeiro–Galeão International Airport, with a planned intermediate stop at Brasília International Airport.
This change in tactic led to protests by Portuguese settlers against the Lisbon government, a telltale sign of the conflict's unpopularity.
Breeders worked to adapt the breed to mining requirements, and the breed became larger as more power was needed to pull heavier loads.
The fund also covered the construction of a memorial to the RND near Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre in France, which takes the form of a truncated stone obelisk.
In the movie, the character is referred to as Khan's late "beloved wife" who had been killed by a Ceti eel.
He voted to confirm several of the president's appointments, including Jackson's future running mate Martin Van Buren as United States Minister to Britain.
Hardaway suffered an ankle injury that caused him to miss the December 29 game against Central Michigan and that broke his 81 consecutive games played streak that went back to the beginning of his Michigan career.
It stalled while just southeast of Nantucket on July 26, turned to the east out to sea, and became extratropical later that day.
Moving to Queensland in April 1924, he took up employment as a pilot with Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services (Qantas), its first aviator without a war record.
The dismantling, expected to cost USD $18 million, was approved by the State Legislative Emergency Board in September 2006.
As Andrew crossed into Mississippi, 3 severe thunderstorm warnings, 21 tornado warnings, and 16 flood warnings were issued.
Current opinion is that there were four mints, in Canterbury, Rochester, East Anglia and London.
The stylist Basia Richard has been impressed by Margaret's individualism and has named her one of the best-dressed Polish stars.
Some of the earlier works were written to be played on either the harmonium or the organ, and a few were primarily intended for the former.
Surging into the streets, the frightened mob fell on any foreigners whom they happened to encounter, and were appeased, according to Evelyn, only "with infinite pains and great difficulty" and pushed back into the fields by the Trained Bands, troops of Life Guards, and members of the court.
No. 453 Squadron operated from Normandy during July and August, and mainly patrolled behind the German front line in search of motor transport to attack.
Lying face down in it, all muddy and dried up and I'm drowning in it."
I mean, we peaked five minutes ago.
Arctic seals use more breathing holes per individual, appear more restless when hauled out, and rarely defecate on the ice.
Holtz has suggested this pattern indicates shared ecological preferences between tyrannosaurines, chasmosaurines and saurolophines.
"Pennsylvanian" resumed cargo service with American-Hawaiian after her return from World War I service.
Sutherland included two of his own men: his assistant, Lieutenant Colonel Francis H. Wilson, and his stenographer, Master Sergeant Paul P. Rogers.
In either February or March that year an old woman was invited into the house by Margaret Hare.
Friday was conspicuous in the professional ranks for never wearing shin pads, and for his resistance to physical harm; no matter how badly he was hurt he would always get up and continue.
In contrast, the epode is written with a different scheme and structure.
George recovered, but both his daughters died.
Anmer fell in the collision and partly rolled over his jockey, who had his foot momentarily caught in the stirrup.
Thanks in part to a private donation, the marquee was trucked 2,500 miles to Cincinnati, one of the first 20 signs accepted by the American Sign Museum.
It is native to eight of Canada's ten provinces, forty-five of the fifty United States, and one of Mexico's thirty-one states.
Loxton hit two over the leg side followed by consecutive off drives into the gallery.
"3 of Hearts" was initially scheduled for release on various dates in 2001June 5, June 6, and July 24 – before being pushed forward to March 6 that year.
The pair made scored 44 runs together, though "Wisden" noted that "the difficulty they experienced in playing the bowling made one apprehensive".
"Formidable" was called forward six days later to join the 1st Aircraft Carrier Squadron (1st ACS) of the BPF on operations as a replacement for "Illustrious", which was in poor mechanical shape.
In spite of this, Morris started the new season consistently, scoring four fifties in his first five innings, including 55 and 39 in his state's victory over the touring South Africans ahead of the Tests.
Verity is often cited as one of the greatest slow left-arm spinners to play the game.
Let them stay and live here and breathe.
While he previously had to vigorously pursue roles, he was receiving unsolicited offers by the time of the second season, including a recurring role in the ABC television series "".
On 25 September, he took over from Caldwell as Officer Commanding No. 1 (Fighter) Wing, comprising three Spitfire squadrons whose role was to defend North-Western Area (NWA) from air attack.
Within that revolutionary tradition, resistance was essentially conservative.
Motivated by a presentence investigation report characterising Lamb as exceptionally violent, Magistrate J. Arthur Hanrahan sentenced him to two years at Kingston Penitentiary, a maximum security prison.
By mid 1954 the author Ian Fleming had published two novels—"Casino Royale" (1953) and "Live and Let Die" (1954)—and had a third, "Moonraker", being edited and prepared for production.
Peptides are naturally produced from the reversion of azacylols, a key prediction of the cyclol model.
For his part, Aristotle prefers to see slaves treated as children and to use not only orders but also recommendations, as the slave is capable of understanding reasons when they are explained.
Infanticide exists in numerous rodent species and may be practiced by adult conspecifics of either sex.
She then rendezvoused with the seaplane tender , carrying reinforcements and supplies, and the slow replenishment oiler .
Jobs was intrigued by Berg's concept of a workstation and contemplated starting a higher education computer company in the fall of 1985, amidst increasing turmoil at Apple.
The cathedral incorporates a library, the editorial office of the Russian Catholic magazine "The Catholic Messenger—The Light of the Gospel" (Russian: Католический вестник — Свет Евангелия) as well as the local office for the Caritas charity.
In late October 1944, del Valle succeeded Major General William Rupertus as Commanding General of the 1st Marine Division, being personally greeted to his new command by Colonel Lewis Burwell "Chesty" Puller.
Some Chinese died in the burning houses, while others were shot upon leaving their homes or committed suicide in desperation.
Following the invasion of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) by its northern neighbor, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea), the United Nations committed forces on behalf of South Korea.
Since the Magnesians had no grain, Philip settled for enough figs to feed his whole army.
Another seventh-place finish in the 2000–01 season was followed by two less successful seasons, and they were relegated to the second-tier with a then-record low 19 points in 2003.
This practice continued into the early 1960s but as travel became easier, and the cost of entry to matches rose, watching both teams became unusual and the rivalry intensified.
The world's strongest players were seeded into Interzonal tournaments, where they were joined by players who had qualified from Zonal tournaments.
The police did not have any Russian, Latvian or Yiddish speakers on the force.
Settlers were drawn by the valley's fertility.
Ornithologists Charles Sibley and Jon Ahlquist recognised the close relationship between woodswallows and butcherbirds in 1985, and combined them into a Cracticini clade, which became the family Artamidae.
Because he was credited with divine power himself, the pharaoh, as a sacred king, was regarded as Egypt's representative to the gods and its most important upholder of "maat".
The ring was reportedly first passed to Cardinal Henry Beaufort, who attended Joan's trial and execution in 1431.
As indicated by a statistical analysis of shed teeth from 50 separate localities in and around Como Bluff, teeth of both "Ceratosaurus" and megalosaurids were most common in habitats in and around water sources such as wet floodplains, lake margins, and swamps.
In 1978, Tito admitted that the negotiations occurred, but characterised their purpose as "solely to obtain German recognition of belligerent status for the Partisans".
The Los Alamos team working on the Columbus linear machine designed an updated version to test this theory.
The climate change—which resulted in a declining average annual temperature for Europe during the 14th century—was accompanied by an economic downturn.
Spain relinquished its hold on Mexico in 1821, and Bradburn became an officer in the new Mexican Army.
Albert William Ketèlbey (; born Ketelbey; 9 August 1875 – 26 November 1959) was an English composer, conductor and pianist, best known for his short pieces of light orchestral music.
Harding returned from Chicago to find that the paper had been reclaimed by the sheriff.
On September 18, 1970 and at the age of 27, the American musician Jimi Hendrix died in London.
The trade is made, and once the enemy receives the Sword, the Mana Stones shatter and the God Beasts are released.
Although there is a tradition of alternating the direction the monarch faces with each reign, and George V had faced left, Edward believed that side more flattering.
It also produced the Andean Volcanic Belt and the rest of the Andes.
However, its radioactivity is a major problem in safe catalytic applications.
The concerns largely focused on footage of the residents' attending a neighborhood meeting in June 2002, which was positioned in the film as a prelude to the April coup attempt.
Furthermore, the oldest surviving rotating book case dates to the Song period (12th century), found at the Longxing Monastery of Zhengding, Hebei province.
Greeley was among those who signed the bail bond, and the two men met briefly at the courthouse.
The physical demands of LED screens, in particular the red, green, and blue long-life light bulbs and the requisite circuitry, created three major challenges: supporting the physical structure, combating heat buildup, and optimizing perceptibility of the display.
This specimen is the largest and includes the only known complete skull and forelimb.
Both bowlers swung the ball into the right-handed Barnes and away from the left-handed Morris.
Along with the DLC pack, GameStop offered an exclusive pre-order bonus—the armor and spear of King Leonidas, as depicted by Gerard Butler in the 2007 film "300", for use in multiplayer mode, and a double-sided "God of War: Ascension" poster measuring .
After seeing McTeague's conviction, Schouler agrees.
The species is commonly known as the "salt-and-pepper shaker earthstar" or simply the "pepperpot".
Many of the mediaeval access routes to the market were too narrow for wheeled transport, and the narrow alleys were also dark, dangerous and mostly unpaved.
Madison wrote to Washington that Henry still hoped for amendments to weaken the power of the federal government, possibly to be proposed by a second national convention.
Mindful of recent events, Miller refrained from bouncers during the morning.
His father was released after three months, on 28 May 1824, but the family's financial situation remained poor and Dickens had to continue working at the factory, something for which he reportedly never forgave his mother.
The rail line was officially opened in New Paltz on December 20, 1870, during a day-long celebration.
The third act begins on the upper floor of the house, where a masked man is seen in the previously-hidden room taking a money bag from a safe.
Politicians urged the public to use their rage to fuel the war effort, and "Centaur" became a symbol of Australia's determination to defeat what appeared to be a brutal and uncompromising enemy.
The genre of "tales and stories" is probably the least represented genre from surviving literature of the Middle Kingdom and Middle Egyptian.
These conflicts turned into warfare, and several treaties were signed in an attempt to end the hostilities.
On April 27, 1982, he met with Arnold Greenberg of Coleco and threatened to sue over Coleco's home version of "Donkey Kong".
Ambrose, Kevin Harvick, Kenseth, Paul Menard, and Montoya drew the last five positions in the race.
Shortly before Speer's visit, Annemarie Kempf had visited Wolters in Coesfeld to ask him not to allow his differences with Speer to affect their first meeting.
However, in 1928, he authorized Dr. C.H. Desch to publish an article in which he stated his belief that no synthetic diamonds (including those of Moissan and others) had been produced up to that date.
Although little is known about him or their time together, the union was complicated because of her slave status.
A hearing was held on February 19, 1987, in which Gardner and other inmates claimed "unconstitutional confinement" in unsanitary conditions with poor food.
These records sold in large numbers rivalling those of other stars of the time, such as Frank Sinatra and Vera Lynn.
After the candidate receives an official letter from the sorority, she can participate in the membership intake process.
This led to the Winjeel basic trainer and Australian industry co-partnership in production of the CAC Sabre and Canberra jets; such local participation has continued to figure in major RAAF aircraft acquisitions.
At the beginning, its frequency is around 120 kHz, but it then falls fast, subsequently falls slightly slower, and at the end falls faster again.
With England having been bowled out for 52 in their first innings, Australia sealed the series 4–0 with an innings victory.
The RND Association paid for repairs, including paving the ground next to the memorial.
Having loaded 200 survivors of the battleship , "Jun'yō" was attacked by the submarines , and early in the morning of 9 December 1944.
The "Liber Pontificalis", an early record of the lives of Popes, records the arrival of their party: "in his time, two kings of the Saxons came with many others to pray to the apostles; just as they were hoping, their lives quickly came to an end."
Other hostages were named Itsere-'itse, Ilyhanapau, and Tinyam-isalye.
For seventeen years he lived with the Calusa until explorer Pedro Menéndez de Avilés found him in 1566.
Winsor McCay ( – 1934) had worked prolifically as a commercial artist and cartoonist by the time he started making newspaper comic strips such as "Dream of the Rarebit Fiend" (1904–11) and his signature strip "Little Nemo" (1905–14).
was met with generally positive reviews from critics, and received a total of six Grammy Award nominations, including Album of the Year.
Ginger Rogers had already made several minor films for RKO when Cooper signed her to a seven-year contract and cast her in the big-budget musical "Flying Down to Rio" (1933).
Any mitigating circumstances were offset by problems off the field.
The Rhode Island Blood Center has its main headquarters in Providence.
At the Forum, he has an audience with the drunken Hera, who ignores his request for Pandora's location and summons Hercules.
On August 31, reconnaissance aircraft flying into the cyclone reported maximum sustained winds of up to around .
They have two sons, Seth, an assistant for the Los Angeles Chargers, and Payton.
The following day, Benjamin was eliminated from the tournament in the semifinals by Bad Luck Fale.
In order to maintain a good habitat, parts of the reed bed are cut and sold for thatch each year to establish a mosaic of plants of different ages.
The plan was opposed by some Torajan leaders, as they felt that their rituals and traditions were being determined by outsiders.
The confederation had no flag of its own; instead it used the blue-white-red flag of France and the Imperial Standard of its protector, Napoleon.
At the end of June, the Kinks released the single "Days", which provided a minor, but only momentary, comeback for the group.
Stipe admitted that the band would be different without a major contributor: "For me, Mike, and Peter, as R.E.M., are we still R.E.M.?
The development of the Millennium Park Cycle Center was part of a reversal of bike disincentives stemming from "Boub v. Township of Wayne"—a 1998 Illinois Supreme Court ruling that bikes are "permitted" but not "intended" users of the roads, meaning that local governments have a limited responsibility to keep cyclists safe and that municipalities are immune from bicycle-injury lawsuits unless the street has been clearly marked as a bike route.
In recent decades, the Heathen movement has been the subject of academic study by scholars active in the field of Pagan studies.
Before the 1930 tour of England, experts such as Frank Woolley, Percy Fender and Maurice Tate rated Jackson as more likely to succeed in English conditions; Bradman was seen as too unorthodox or even cross-batted for softer English wickets.
North of Queen's Park, the Bakerloo Tube served the following stations: For the extension to Queen's Park, the LER supplemented the existing rolling stock with 14 new carriages ordered from Brush Traction and Leeds Forge Company plus spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR.
A further approach involves the use of immunotherapy, such as oncolytic viruses.
Seacology Prize recipient Anuradha Wickramasinghe from Sri Lanka noted that the mangrove forests that were preserved shielded the community, whereas nearby villages that had cleared their mangroves to create industrial shrimp farms had not fared so well.
However, forecasters admitted little confidence in the prediction, and later forecasts predicted the storm to execute a loop and track westward into northern Florida or southern Georgia.
In the case of mental states, this means that there needs to be an explanation of why they have the property of being experienced in a certain way.
He also took part in the proceedings on the day, escorting the Queen, Prince Albert, and the Prince of Wales (the future King Edward VII) to the top of the castle tower.
The Japanese destroyer was also crippled by U.S. carrier aircraft attack during the battle and had to be scuttled by other, relatively undamaged Japanese destroyers.
A 2009 report by "Washington Monthly" ranked Shimer third in graduate Ph.D. rate among U.S. liberal-arts colleges.
Some historians state that Diocletian adopted Maximian as his "filius Augusti", his "Augustan son", upon his appointment to the throne, following the precedent of some previous Emperors.
Three people are named: bishops Eorcenwald and Hædde, and Ine's father, King Cenred.
Events in London on the way to and from this expedition would lead to the founding of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA), one of many civic and professional organizations formed during the Progressive Era to fill the void of citizens who had become distended from their rural roots.
The genus attracted media attention in 2000, when a specimen unearthed in 1993 in South Dakota, United States, was interpreted as including a fossilized heart.
Downey challenged Douglas to a series of debates; Douglas, who was not a good debater, declined.
One cynical party member commented, "Ghost delegates with ghost ballots, marked by the ghostly hidden hand of Bay Street, are going to pick George Drew, and he'll deliver a ghost-written speech that'll cheer us all up, as we march briskly into a political graveyard."
Despite being labelled a Communist and under surveillance by the authorities, Rosa manages to get a passport, and flies to Nice in France to spend several months with Katya, her father's first wife.
Hammond continued to score heavily in the third Test, making 217 after being dropped twice early on.
Maslin agreed that some characters were unoriginal, but said their detailed characterizations made them memorable.
The official highway map for Utah noted the new freeway, but qualified its existence with the words "two lanes open".
This was the result of Holden's A$16.5 million transformation of the Woodville, South Australia factory for its production.
A few even longer-active bands including Surrey neo-mods the Jam and pub rockers the Stranglers and Cock Sparrer also became associated with the punk rock scene.
The golden jackal's omnivorous diet allows it to eat a large range of foods; this diet, together with its tolerance of dry conditions, enables it to live in different habitats.
In this therapy, antitrypsin is purified from the plasma of blood donors and administered intravenously (first marketed as Prolastin).
Hoover used his power under the Antiquities Act of 1906 to create the monument by proclamation on March 1, 1933.
After this they have a conversation in which they declare eternal love to each other.
He displayed a talent for drawing and handicrafts, applying himself to wood carving and furniture making.
Bucer noted that as Luther had rejected impanation, the idea that Christ was "made into bread", there was no disagreement between Luther and Zwingli; both believed in a spiritual presence of Christ in the eucharist.
Notes References Books and articles News Web
Corruption is rife at all levels; Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index for 2005 named Chad (tied with Bangladesh) as the most corrupt country in the world.
Section 116 of the Constitution of Australia precludes the Commonwealth of Australia ("i.e.", the federal parliament) from making laws for establishing any religion, imposing any religious observance, or prohibiting the free exercise of any religion.
Additionally, the Law Center offers a joint degree with the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
"Suwo" was rearmed with four 10-inch 45 caliber guns, ten 6-inch guns and sixteen QF 12-pounder 12 cwt () guns.
Until mid-1944, the only plutonium that had been isolated had been produced in cyclotrons in microgram amounts, whereas weapons required kilograms.
By the terms of the statute, all coins minted to be issued after July 4, 1975 and before January 1, 1977 would bear the Bicentennial dates and designs.
This supports the hypothesis that common ravens are 'inventors', implying that they can solve problems.
On arrival at the vicarage Emily Huskisson refused to allow the jury to view the body, insisting on being allowed to remain alone with her husband.
The following list does not include reprint editions though in some cases these varied in contents, as for example with the UK editions of some of the early volumes.
Philip started the siege by blockading the city by land and sea to stop attempts to reinforce or supply the city.
The turns, overlooked by the castle wall, made foot assault dangerous and slow.
Soon afterwards, the Achaemenid forces were forced to withdraw from mainland Europe, marking the end of Persian control over Macedonia.
During his retreat, Shout encountered Lieutenant Colonel George Braund, commanding officer of the 2nd Battalion, on Walker's Ridge.
It was carried live on the NBC television network, and the national exposure it provided the league has been cited as a watershed moment in professional football history, helping propel the NFL to become one of the most popular sports leagues in the United States.
That day, Fred Wright's Company B presented one performance of its adaptation at the Park Theatre in Merthyr Tydfil before it was also closed.
In 1962 Sellers played a retired British army general in John Guillermin's "Waltz of the Toreadors", based on the play of the same name.
At the Battle of Trafalgar on 21 October, the ship went into action immediately astern of Nelson's flagship, .
In Leiden, the congregation gained the freedom to worship as they chose, but Dutch society was unfamiliar to them.
In 1874, the German public health officer Carl Wilhelm Eugen Erhardt recommended potassium fluoride supplements to preserve teeth.
The protest at first only involved the criterium being neutralized – that is, the race director agreed that each rider would receive the same finishing time as the stage winner regardless of when they actually crossed the line.
After attending public school, MacLaren played intermittently for Lancashire until 1899 as he tried to establish a career outside the sport.
One solution was to wrap the vacuum tube in a sheet of thin but highly conductive metal.
Though Guiscard would die the next year and the Norman threat would quickly disappear, a scapegoat was needed at that moment.
He sings of someone holding the ladder for him as he climbs to the top; this is symbolic of Rosa's love and guidance, which has allowed Sledge to improve himself and build a new life.
The men's reserve race was the 51st contest between Isis and Goldie, and started at 5:20 p.m. on 11 April 2015.
Most grid computing applications use middleware (software that sits between the operating system and the application to manage network resources and standardize the software interface).
After the situation at Šekovići improved on 1 May, the 27th Regiment returned to patrolling the Tuzla–Zvornik road.
Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot described the genus name "Tachypetes" in 1816 for the great frigatebird.
Because it seldom appears in high concentration, germanium was discovered comparatively late in the history of chemistry.
Most aftershocks occurred at significantly greater depths than the mainshock and are dominated by strike-slip focal mechanisms.
The raccoon was a protected species in Germany, but has been declared a game animal in 14 of the 16 states since 1954.
It was then referred to by the provisional name "eka-caesium".
In his journey of nearly two months, Tyler made speeches at rallies.
A soundtrack album was released by Marvelous Entertainment in February 1998.
Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published a new arrangement for the genus in 1996; their morphological cladistic analysis yielded a cladogram significantly different from George's arrangement.
The Indians held "Bob Feller Night" on September 9, and he appeared in his last major league game on September 30.
The album was a return to an upbeat dance style, receiving generally positive reception.
Images of this contest show warriors, armed with helmets and shields, perched on the back of their racing chariots.
Under Wilson's premiership, the House of Commons voted for Government Bills to ban hare coursing in 1969 and 1975, but neither passed the House of Lords to become law.
A contemporary account said that King Charles in person worked manually, that day or later, to help throw water on flames and to help demolish buildings to make a firebreak.
Other aquatic species include crayfish and frogs.
In addition, ssRNA viruses may be either sense (+) or antisense (−).
Writing for "USA Today", Claudia Puig considered the film to be a "classy re-boot" of the film series, and believed that her "high-spirited performance" empowered the film.
Influenza infects many animal species, and transfer of viral strains between species can occur.
In September 1990, John Carmack, while working at programming studio Softdisk, developed a way to implement side-scrolling video games on personal computers (PCs), which at the time was the province of dedicated home video game consoles.
In the Earth's atmosphere, one atom is for every million that are .
All low-lying areas were described as being covered with sea water or sand, and the territory was left without running water.
Rubin was confident that with the right new voice, Rage Against the Machine had the potential to become a better band; he believed "it could turn into a Yardbirds-into-Led Zeppelin scenario."
In Nick Higham's view, medieval and modern writers have been so captivated by her that Edward's reputation has suffered unfairly in comparison.
The location of the IBA along the Allegheny Front also contributes to the diverse bird populations.
The latter's obsession with the fly affects his professional and personal life.
In an essay published in "Life" magazine in April 1946, he wrote: "In my future books there will be two things to make them unpopular: a preoccupation with style and the attempt to represent man more fully, which, to me, means only one thing, man in his relation to God."
During September and October, "New Zealand" and the 2nd BCS supervised and protected minelaying operations north of Orkney.
By 7 December 1345, he had received a Licentiate in Civil Law.
Perhaps because the 1761 coronation of George III had been beset by "numerous mistakes and stupidities", the next time around, spectacle overshadowed the religious aspect of the service.
Most of the chiefs respected Atangana as their spokesman and leader, and the Beti at large deferred to him prestige and power.
Due to its rarity, age, and engineering significance, West Virginia Division of Highways District 5 decided to preserve the Whipple truss bridge.
Many adult turtles have been killed by humans, both accidentally and deliberately.
A noted physician and surgeon, Bliss was an old friend of Garfield, and about a dozen doctors, led by Bliss, were soon probing the wound with unsterilized fingers and instruments.
A few species are able to use chemical defences against predators; some Procellariiformes can eject an unpleasant stomach oil against an aggressor, and some species of pitohuis from New Guinea have a powerful neurotoxin in their skin and feathers.
They have been documented feeding on "Hippomane mancinella" ('poison apple'), the endemic guava "Psidium galapageium", the water fern "Azolla microphylla", and the bromeliad "Tillandsia insularis".
Although castles still provided protection from low levels of violence in later periods, eventually they were succeeded by country houses as high status residences.
Writing for "The Vancouver Sun", Robert Wiersema states that while "his life is an open book ... [y]ou get the sense of meeting the real Suzuki for the first time."
Fleming would later use elements of the activities of T-Force in his writing, particularly in his 1955 Bond novel "Moonraker".
An Italian study showed that, as with other aerial feeders, the start of breeding was delayed by cold or wet weather, but this had no influence on the clutch size nor on the number of fledged young.
The worship of subordinate deities such as "yaksa" and "yaksi", earlier considered as mere attendants of the "tirthankars" was seen from the 7th century to the 12th century.
Always keen to punish members by humiliating them, he insisted that Isa remain in the Intelligence Directorate, where he had to work for his previous subordinates, who according to Seale were told to treat him with contempt.
During her service with the Royal Yugoslav Navy, "Dubrovnik" undertook several peacetime cruises through the Mediterranean, the Turkish Straits and the Black Sea.
After a two-year search, the records were found in the First Lady's White House book room and delivered to investigators in early 1996.
Dorsch proposed to transform the Wizernes depot into a vast bomb-proof underground complex that would require a million tons of concrete to build.
The main reason for the diversity of Klingon designs, hairstyles, and appliances stemmed from the fact that there were more Klingons featured than in all the previous films combined.
Moran stated that The Wiggles wrote songs they liked and would listen to, and then made them appropriate for children.
Eighty N class locomotives were built in three batches between the First and Second World Wars.
North American glaciers are primarily located along the spine of the Rocky Mountains in the United States and Canada, and the Pacific Coast Ranges extending from northern California to Alaska.
Britten's recital partnership with Pears was his best-known collaboration, but he also accompanied Kathleen Ferrier, Rostropovich, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, James Bowman and John Shirley-Quirk, among others.
In the 1882–83 FA Cup, Olympic defeated four other Lancashire clubs, Accrington, Lower Darwen, Darwen Ramblers, and Church, to reach the fifth round.
The batsman was displeased with the umpire's decision and gestured to a red mark on his shirt, indicating he felt the ball had touched his body and not the bat.
The only major urban area is the South East Dorset conurbation, which is situated at the south-eastern end of the county and is atypical of the county as a whole.
Organized intercollegiate football was first played in the state of Virginia and the south on November 2, 1873 in Lexington between Washington and Lee and VMI.
Suspecting that Al-Shifa was linked to, and producing chemical weapons for, bin Laden and his al-Qaeda network, the U.S. destroyed the facility with cruise missiles, killing or wounding 11 Sudanese.
Thomas Holley Chivers wrote a book called "New Life of Edgar Allan Poe" which directly responded to Griswold's accusations.
In 1970 the name was officially changed to Quehanna Wild Area, and later that decade the Quehanna Trail System was built through the wild area and surrounding state forests.
The album earned three recognitions from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences for the 2013 Grammy Awards.
Seafires of 807 Squadron from "Furious" covered the landings at Oran, engaging a flight of D.520s, shooting down three and destroying about twenty aircraft on the ground.
Inside it is a lead casket containing coins, a copy of the local newspaper, three cops of spun cotton, and a length of cloth manufactured in the local area.
Helena's grief was also profound, and she wrote to a friend a month later: "What we have lost nothing can ever replace, and our grief is "most, most" bitter ... I adored Papa, I loved him more than anything on earth, his word was a most sacred law, and he was my help and adviser ... These hours were the happiest of my life, and now it is all, all over."
As the first king of Avaradrano (1710–1730), Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana also built the site's defensive walls and its first set of seven gates.
The diseases and parasites that affect octopuses have been little studied, but cephalopods are known to be the intermediate or final hosts of various parasitic cestodes, nematodes and copepods; 150 species of protistan and metazoan parasites have been recognised.
The Socialism I speak about ... [is] not the way some daft Russian might do it, or the Chinese might do it.
On 9 May 1912, she was transferred to the Reserve Division in the Baltic.
Mendeleev's table was his first published version; that of Meyer was an expanded version of his (Meyer's) table of 1864.
Gorton resigned his seat in the Senate, and in February 1968 won the by-election for Holt's seat of Higgins in Victoria.
The Liberty Bell reverse for the half dollar was later reused by Sinnock, again without giving Lewis credit, on the Chief Engraver's Franklin half dollar, which was first minted in 1948.
Just before the date, Rodgers fired her, telling James Hammerstein to break the news.
Pinza's mispronunciations of English exasperated Logan, and driving to New Haven, Connecticut for the first week of previews, Pinza discussed with his wife the possibility of a return to the Met, where he knew audiences would welcome him.
The following day, the band participated in a demonstration organised by Greenpeace in which protesters landed on the beach at Sellafield in rubber dinghies and displayed 700 placards for the waiting media.
Songs from "Pinafore" have been used to give period flavor to such films as the 1981 historical film "Chariots of Fire", in which the protagonist, Harold Abrahams, and others from Cambridge University, sing "He Is an Englishman".
The researchers suggested the existence of four species, which have not exchanged genetic information between each other for 1 million to 2 million years.
Capacity in 2012 is 7,600, but attendances were usually much higher when Malmö FF played there.
Another accessory crest, the anteroloph, is present, though small, on the first upper molar in "Lundomys", but entirely absent in both other genera.
In the ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" and the opera "The Queen of Spades", Tchaikovsky graduated from imitation to full-scale evocation.
Her sire was the Thoroughbred stallion Very Wise, and her dam was a Quarter Horse mare named Clear Track.
I said, 'It's Lucy in the sky with diamonds.'"
His "Masters of " of 1896 was the first comprehensive overview and set the stage for most later works with an approach to the history in terms of epochs: beginning with Matabei in a primitive age, it evolved towards a late-18th-century golden age that began to decline with the advent of Utamaro, and had a brief revival with Hokusai and Hiroshige's landscapes in the 1830s.
Varanini offered some praise for the extra features, such as the missions, but concluded players were better off playing the Dreamcast version.
Farther inland, up to of rain fell in 12 hours, the most substantial rainfall in 15 years.
Scherger took over as Air Officer Commanding No. 1 TAF on 10 May.
The State is also empowered, in the interests of the general public to nationalise any trade, industry or service to the exclusion of the citizens.
Hurricane Patricia in 2015 later far surpassed both Rick and Linda, attaining a pressure of 872 mbar (hPa; 25.75 inHg).
Albert laid out the grounds, and improved the estate and farm.
The route was relatively free of obstacles to navigation, with only a few portages.
In May 2000, heavy maintenance of the C-130s, previously carried out by No. 2 AD (reformed as No. 503 Wing in July 1992) was contracted out to Qantas.
Colton Point State Park's extensive forest cover makes it a habitat for "big woods" wildlife, including white-tailed deer, black bear, wild turkey, red and gray squirrels.
The male starts the nest by creating a ring of grass by twining strips around both branches of a hanging forked twig, and from there bridging the gaps in the circle his beak can reach, having one foot on each of the branchlets, using the same footholds and the same orientation throughout the building process.
In 2015, Seacology launched its largest-ever project, a $3.4 million initiative to protect all of Sri Lanka's remaining mangrove forests and restore many degraded ones.
If some slaves were jettisoned in order to save the rest of the "cargo" or the ship, then a claim could be made under "general average".
As an admirer of Liszt's innovative symphonic poems, Saint-Saëns enthusiastically adopted the form; his first "poème symphonique" was "Le Rouet d'Omphale" (1871), premiered at a concert of the Sociéte Nationale in January 1872.
By the reign of Henry VII of England, there were two methods of trial by peers of the realm: trial in the House of Lords (or, in proper terms, by the High Court of Parliament) and trial in the Court of the Lord High Steward.
It included enhanced graphics in full HD (1080p), the option to switch to the original soundtrack and the ability to transfer save files from the PS3 & PS Vita versions.
In October 1918, "87 F" was at Durazzo in Albania when the port was bombarded by a multinational Allied naval force.
Although probable prokaryotic cell fossils date to almost 3.5 billion years ago, most prokaryotes do not have distinctive morphologies and fossil shapes cannot be used to identify them as archaea.
"The Wire" is making an argument about what institutions—bureaucracies, criminal enterprises, the cultures of addiction, raw capitalism even—do to individuals.
In June, Herriman was employed by the "New York World".
In September 2017, modders discovered that an emulated version of the NES game "Golf", which Iwata programmed, is included in every Nintendo Switch console's firmware, and can be accessed by moving the Joy-Con controllers similarly to how Iwata would move his hands in Nintendo Direct presentations when the system clock is set to July 11, the day of his death; this appeared to be removed by Nintendo with a system update issued later that year.
Cope found the canine to be distinct from that of the other "Smilodon" species due to its smaller size and more compressed base.
Basaltic and andesitic eruptive activity then moved to Mono Basin and lasted from 40,000 to 13,000 years ago.
The numbers of species cited above follows Frost and the total number of known amphibian species is over 7,000, of which nearly 90% are frogs.
The attack was universally condemned by Australian servicemen, who commonly believed that the attack on "Centaur" had been carried out deliberately and in full knowledge of her status.
She was laid down at their Barrow-in-Furness shipyard two weeks later as yard number 732 and launched on 5 April 1939.
The importance of both the spoken and written word also appears repeatedly in "Caged Bird" and in all of Angelou's autobiographies.
On this day JG 51 was credited with 113 aerial victories in total, among them their 1,000th aerial victory—the first unit to reach this figure—and "Oberst" Werner Mölders, with 82 aerial victories, surpassed Manfred von Richthofen in number of victories.
She fell ill with bronchitis (she had smoked since the age of sixteen) at her son Louis's home at Broadlands, Hampshire, in the summer of 1950.
The 26-minute address presented on Nov. 13, 2015 was later published on his website and on YouTube.
According to Jane O'Grady, Williams was central to the decision by King's in 1972 to admit women, one of the first three all-male Oxbridge undergraduate colleges to do so.
c. Hogarth's works indicate that cats were not common pets in London during his lifetime.
Bilheimer agreed with this assertion in an interview outside the film.
In several of his books, Vonnegut imagines alien societies and civilizations, as is common in works of science fiction.
In this view, Harriet's character, marginalised as an exile and a woman, is both oppressor and oppressed, while characters such as Guy, Prince Yakimov and Sophie seek to exert various forms of power and authority over others, reflecting in microcosm the national conflicts and imperialism of the British Empire.
For natural language plaintext, there will typically be only one plausible decryption, although for extremely short plaintexts, multiple candidates are possible.
The following day, the IK-3 pilots made five or six sorties against German bomber formations and their fighter escorts, and claimed three bombers between them.
His main argument is the presence of seals of Sheshi and of two kings of the mid 13th Dynasty Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw and Djedkheperew in the Egyptian fort of Uronarti in Nubia.
Initially, the set's pyrotechnics were suspected of causing the fire, but the cause was ruled to be arson.
Shortly later on 1 August 2014, LTA announced that construction will commence in mid-2015 and is expected to be completed in 2019.
It contained two alternatives, each envisioning a prominent role for himself as commander.
The character was later featured in "South Park Rally", a 2000 racing video game from developer Acclaim, in which Marvin races the other characters in a motorized wheat sack.
In the early 16th century, northern India, being then under mainly Muslim rulers, fell again to the superior mobility and firepower of a new generation of Central Asian warriors.
Theodore and Wilfrid settled their differences, and Theodore urged the new Northumbrian king, Aldfrith, to allow Wilfrid's return.
Denmark had a consistently low rate of emigration, while Iceland had a late start but soon reached levels comparable to Norway.
The drift of the Antarctic exploration vessel SY Aurora was an ordeal which lasted 312 days, during the Ross Sea chapter of Sir Ernest Shackleton's Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1914–17.
The completion of Interstate 5 and State Route 9 in the late 1960s brought increased residential development in Arlington, forming a bedroom community for commuters who worked in Everett and Seattle.
The album was released in May 2001 to positive reviews.
After completing his Piano Sonata No. 3 (1973), "a formidable piece of abstract composition" according to Bowen, Tippett returned to the modern vernacular in his fourth opera "The Ice Break" (1976).
The police allowed the deadline to pass, to no immediate response from the gunmen.
Wanderers have reached Spitsbergen and the Canary Islands, but records in Europe away from the coast are rare.
Parker said he had never seen more than half an episode of "Ren & Stimpy", which he said he did not enjoy because the characters were too over-the-top and the voice acting was too annoying.
A "Save Bradford City Fund" was launched on 24 July, and former chairman Stafford Heginbotham and former board member Jack Tordoff bought the club, forming a new company, and enabling the team to start the new league campaign.
McCauley won the election, but Rutherford received more than forty percent of the vote.
In mid-2008, Bloc Party attended secret sessions at studios in the south-east of England.
If they reach the bottom, the alien invasion is successful and the game ends.
is the headmaster of Balamb Garden.
We didn't give a shit what the critics said.
This process, known as "atmospheric filtering", or more generally, "decluttering", will not provide accurate information until the threat tube begins to reenter the denser portions of the atmosphere, at altitudes around .
Some lead compounds exist in formal oxidation states other than +4 or +2.
The red dress Gwen wears on the cover was loaned to the Hard Rock Cafe and was later displayed at the Fullerton Museum Center in an exhibit titled "The Orange Groove: Orange County's Rock n' Roll History".
Lung cancer rates are currently lower in developing countries.
Tyndall adhered to neo-Nazism during the 1960s, although from the 1970s onward he increasingly concealed this behind the rhetoric of "British patriotism".
It was the first time that the Meteorological Service of Canada had specifically requested a hurricane name be retired.
When the first free elections were held in East Germany in March 1990, the former SED, which had renamed itself as the Party of Democratic Socialism, was swept from power and replaced by a pro-reunification Alliance for Germany coalition led by the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Chancellor Kohl's party.
For example, if the wire and the base material get too close, the current will rapidly increase, which in turn causes the heat to increase and the tip of the wire to melt, returning it to its original separation distance.
Cornelia tells Anderson that she suspects Fleming embezzled from the bank and hid the money in the house.
The couple honeymooned in Italy.
"Troilus and Cressida" was presented at Covent Garden on 3 December 1954.
I could not be responsible for the field he selected in as much as I pay him no salary and a portion of his expenses.
On his coming of age, Bute's landed estates and industrial inheritance made him one of the wealthiest men in the world.
The tests did reveal a few flaws, but it was projected that the engine could operate at a reduced boiler pressure of 50 psi (340 kPa or 3.5 kgf/cm²); as delivered to the Camden & Amboy, the boiler was rated for or 4.9 kgf/cm².
The student sculptures of both Moore and Hepworth followed the standard romantic Victorian style, and included natural forms, landscapes and figurative modelling of animals.
According to McLean and Johnes, "the general commitment to public safety that the Tribunal had envisaged was not implemented" through the act, as the tribunal had advised wider legislation that should "consider the safety, health and welfare of all persons going about their lawful business in the vicinity of a mine, including the safety of their property".
Through the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries, Continental travel was considered educational: young, aristocratic gentlemen completed their studies by learning European languages abroad and visiting foreign courts.
This delicate balance was disturbed when a new batch of refugees arrived that included Richard Cox, one of the principal authors of the "Book of Common Prayer".
She eventually called it her most challenging project, as it helped her "shed everything that Preity Zinta was about."
Both forks were later redesignated as Highway 600 and Highway 615.
The competition's final has never been held outside these cities.
Some nationalities have produced local scenes in regions of the country where they have clustered, like Cape Verdean music in New England, Armenian music in California, and Italian and Ukrainian music in New York City.
The judge ruled that Dibango's claim was inadmissible: a year earlier, a different Paris-area judge had required Universal Music to include Dibango's name in the liner notes of future French releases of "Don't Stop the Music", and at the time of this earlier court appearance, Dibango had withdrawn legal action, thereby waiving his moral right to seek further damages.
In the US, the book sold three million copies in its first 48 hours, smashing all records.
By late 1963, personnel were busy developing training material for the pending Sabre replacement, the Dassault Mirage III, a task that required them to translate the manufacturer's technical documentation from the original French.
Models of sea level change indicate that Tasmania, including King Island, was isolated from the Australian mainland around 14,000 years ago.
In 1934, Birkett acted as counsel for the second of the two Brighton trunk murders, a case which was described as "his greatest triumph in a capital case".
The entire 24th Division gathered to make a final stand around Taejon, holding a line along the Kum River to the east of the city.
The DS touch screen was a primary point of interest.
One of these service areas is notable for the presence of a memorial to University of Notre Dame football coach Knute Rockne, who died near the current highway's route.
The division reinforced the right flank by committing the 15th Welsh who were able to push through into the wood.
Several other conditions are common in children with autism.
Black metal is an extreme form of heavy metal that, mostly in Europe, emerged from speed metal and thrash metal in the 1980s.
Collison interspersed interviews with contemporary news reports about the explosion.
You're going back to the front."
Fuchs was able to contact a London-based KPD leader, Jürgen Kuczynski, Kuczynski put him in contact with Simon Davidovitch Kremer, the secretary to the military attaché at the Soviet Union's embassy, who worked for the GRU (Russian: "Главное Разведывательное Управление"), the Red Army's foreign military intelligence directorate.
J. Lee Thompson returned as director.
All sportive lemurs have long legs compared to their arms and trunk and the face is covered with short hairs.
The operation began on 12 October; at 03:00 "König" anchored off Ösel in Tagga Bay and disembarked soldiers.
Among the audience were Evelyn Waugh, Virginia Woolf and Noël Coward.
She took on a few modelling assignments, but generally disliked the career as she found "no scope for creativity".
Ramza seeks to rescue her after her capture while helping Ramza escape the Confessors/Heresy Examiners.
A shot of actress Claudia Cardinale from Schatzberg's portfolio was included but later withdrawn because it had been used without her authorization and Cardinale's representatives threatened to sue, making the original record sleeve a collector's item.
She is introduced as a close friend of Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald Crane, but she became prominent on the show as the love interest of Chad Harris-Crane.
At the time, Vietnam had been partitioned at the Geneva Conference after the defeat of the French Union forces at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu, with the State of Vietnam ruling the country south of the 17th parallel.
This portrait features the royal diadem and similar facial features as the Berlin and Vatican heads, but has a more unique hairstyle and may even depict Cleopatra Selene II, daughter of Cleopatra VII.
In September 1873, Jay Cooke & Company, a New York brokerage house, collapsed after it failed to sell all of the bonds issued by Cooke's Northern Pacific Railway.
Despite Malaysia's policy of neutrality in regards the conflict in Southeast Asia, No. 79 Squadron operated as a detachment of the RAAF force (No. 78 Wing) based at Butterworth throughout its time in Thailand.
By late 1995, feedback to the add-on had soured.
The script has been republished several times and has inspired a short on LGBT issues in Canada's native community.
At the time of his death, he owned a modest library of books, including classic works by Shakespeare, Voltaire, and Samuel Johnson.
Texas was in the throes of a cholera epidemic, and Miller, a physician, felt it his duty to stay and tend the sick.
A little-known clause in the Bowl Championship Series contract, however, allows for the commissioners of the BCS to override that bid if the automatically selected team had played in the game the previous year, or to create a more interesting matchup.
In a successful attempt to entrap her, Walsingham arranged a single exception: a covert means for Mary's letters to be smuggled in and out of Chartley in a beer keg.
The Americans claimed to have shot down 19 aircraft, but only three Zeros and three B5Ns were lost, although another B5N was forced to crash-land.
"Hindenburg" was the last of the ships to sink.
On 27 June 1905, "Potemkin" was at gunnery practice near Tendra Island off the Ukrainian coast when many enlisted men refused to eat the borscht made from rotten meat partially infested with maggots.
Much of the public blamed Ernest for Sellis's death.
It is wide, the northern nave being about wider than the other.
"Sesame Street" was not without its detractors, however.
The Polish nobles saw the offer as an opportunity for increasing their privileges and avoiding Austrian influence, brought by Jadwiga's previous fiancé William, Duke of Austria.
Together they were mainly used to help establish rising teams or give established teams opposition.
He found it difficult to play guitar right-handed, but after noticing a poster advertising a Slim Whitman concert and realising that Whitman played left-handed, he reversed the order of the strings.
Gusts reached 83 km/h (51 mph), weak enough not to cause major damage.
Rather, it was collected to create an extremely realistic version of a Los Angeles that doesn't actually exist.
Once the home of bighorn sheep and beaver, the contemporary river is frequented by raccoons, red foxes, and domestic pets.
Clay was later spread over the peat, providing raised stands for occupation, industry and movement, and in some areas thicker clay spreads accommodated hearths built of clay or stone.
DC offered Moore and Gibbons chances to publish prequels to the series, such as "Rorschach's Journal" or "The Comedian's Vietnam War Diary", as well as hinting at the possibility of other authors using the same universe.
On 30 November 1943, Eaton returned to the Northern Territory to establish No. 79 Wing at Batchelor, comprising No. 1 and No. 2 Squadrons (flying Bristol Beaufort light reconnaissance bombers), No. 31 Squadron (Bristol Beaufighter long-range fighters), and No. 18 (Netherlands East Indies) Squadron (B-25 Mitchell medium bombers).
The second major pluton emplacement phase lasted from about 120 million to 80 million years ago during the Cretaceous.
The first of these, 588 Achilles, was discovered by Max Wolf in 1906; since then more than two thousand have been discovered.
Raised intracranial pressure is common in fungal meningitis, and frequent (ideally daily) lumbar punctures to relieve the pressure are recommended, or alternatively a lumbar drain.
He was nicknamed "Black Jack" in tribute to his dark looks, but a "shaky reputation" as an aviator also earned him the epithet "Crasher".
Her forward 12-inch turret was knocked out and several hits near the waterline caused flooding; compartments of the double bottom had to be counterflooded to restore some of her stability.
The battle is known through two detailed accounts, Anna Komnene's "Alexiad", and her husband Nikephoros Bryennios the Younger's "Material for History", on which Anna's own account relies to a large degree.
Some features proposed to separate "Brontosaurus" from "Apatosaurus" include: posterior dorsal vertebrae with the centrum longer than wide; the scapula rear to the acromial edge and the distal blade being excavated; the acromial edge of the distal scapular blade bearing a rounded expansion; and the ratio of the proximodistal length to transverse breadth of the astragalus 0.55 or greater.
The original cast recorded the play for television in 1972.
Restoration of the Everglades, however, briefly became a bipartisan cause in national politics.
On its completion Watts sold the original and donated the copy to the South Kensington Museum (now the Victoria and Albert Museum); thus, this second version is better known than the original.
In 2014, 20.24 TWh of electricity was generated.
It could have formed as a result of rock fracturing at the tip of a dike and/or by movement along fault planes due to changes in the local stress field by the expansion and movement of magma.
The former replenishes energy, while the latter gives a speed boost without using up any energy.
The couple separated prior to Ruttie's death in 1929, and subsequently Jinnah's sister Fatima looked after him and his child.
Greg Kot of the "Chicago Tribune" wrote, "In past tours, Jackson's thin voice was often swallowed up by the sheer size of her production ... In the more scaled-down setting, Jackson brought a warmth and a passion that wasn't always evident in stadiums ... the best Janet Jackson performance I've covered in 20-plus years."
He also said that the Red Sox had "[come] back against all odds and showed America what heart is."
Like its predecessor, it was drawn from magazine articles, essays and other earlier writings, to which Norman added articles written by David in the 1980s.
He contracted with NBC to create 26 fifteen-minute commentary broadcasts called "Meet the Veep".
The outer surface of the penis is mostly covered by small spines, but there is a broad band of nonspinous tissue.
After Lindsay tries to escape and fails, Heiter explains that he had previously experimented with creating what he called a "three-dog", also joined mouth-to-anus.
He subsequently accepted employment as Vice President and legal advisor to the Mexican Petroleum Company, which was run by Edward Doheny (who, after Lane's death, would be implicated in the Teapot Dome scandal), as well as a directorship of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.
He was promptly brought up on charges of "drunkenness", "scandalous conduct tending to the destruction of good morals", and "falsehood" and taken to the "Wisconsin" for his court martial.
By June 30, Chataan had steadily strengthened to severe tropical storm status, with 10-minute maximum sustained winds of 95 km/h (60 mph).
Players have an unobstructed view of the game world to its horizon; whereas distant objects are slightly blurred to convey a sense of distance.
He was Maximian's praetorian prefect in Gaul, and the husband to Maximian's daughter, Theodora.
A non-traditionalist, he has been called "poet of poets" and a "poet for the masses".
Ultimately, when Beren was slain in battle against the demonic wolf Carcharoth, Lúthien, like Orpheus, approached the Valar, the angelic order of beings placed in charge of the world by Eru (God), and persuaded them to restore her beloved to life.
A follow-up study has shown most survivors recover completely without any sequelae if treated within 36 hours of mushroom ingestion.
The expansion was developed, published, and released by Bethesda Softworks.
The first woman to be appointed as a lecturer in archaeology in the United Kingdom, she worked at University College London (UCL) from 1898 to 1935.
Like all fairywrens, the superb fairywren is an active and restless feeder, particularly on open ground near shelter, but also through the lower foliage.
Lack of an established market, high cost, and the need for trained operators slowed its adoption.
The remnant circulation of Hector dissipated on August 24 about 750 mi (1,210 km) east of the Hawaiian Islands.
Despite this, working-class clubs, especially those based in Lancashire, had been widely suspected of making illicit payments to players since at least 1876.
This includes disorders of cognition, mood, behavior, and thought.
In this climactic event, however, the excitement and tension becomes so strong that Nick betrays his inner thoughts and he takes a break.
It was also known as Apis () for 200 years.
The meaning of "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" became the subject of speculation, as many believed that the song's title was code for the hallucinogenic drug LSD.
There are 670 bird species in Rwanda, with variation between the east and the west.
Heidi Darroch of the "National Post" agreed, contending that the story has an excess of overwrought emotional moments "which never quite add up to a fully developed plot".
The inspections and repairs are required to be completed within six years.
By the 1990s, the stadium was no longer large enough, and had no room for possible expansion.
Recognising the return to the more music-oriented approach of Pink Floyd's classic works, "Sounds" said the album was "back over the wall to where diamonds are crazy, moons have dark sides, and mothers have atom hearts".
Howells urged Aldrich, editor of the "Atlantic Monthly", to publish it.
Such a machine would demand a very large power supply.
In three consecutive plays, however, the Hokies only picked up a total of four yards.
(1958) for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
They became the first World Series champion to return to the World Series the following year since the 2000–01 New York Yankees.
With the fog obscuring much of the action, not to mention the language barriers and the early-Cold War mutual suspicion between both sides, it is unlikely any reliable account of the match will emerge.
The velvet-fronted nuthatch is the sole member of the family which prefers tropical lowland forests.
The temperature of the nest rises slightly during the eight-week period.
, Batista defeated Orlando Jordan in a standard match after performing a Batista Bomb.
Actors with trained voices were in demand by the studios, and Barrymore was offered a five-film deal with Warner Bros. at $150,000 per picture, and a share of the profits.
Both pavilions were scheduled to be unveiled on June 19, 2009.
It was Seetharaman's first collaboration with AVM Productions as an actor and dialogue writer.
Sanger was always astute about public relations, and she seized on the publicity of the trial to advance her causes.
It is a narrow, faint ring located just inside the ε ring, between it and the shepherd moon Cordelia.
According to Andy Behrens of ESPN, Dahl and his broadcast partner Garry Meier "organized the Cohos around a simple and surprisingly powerful idea: Disco Sucks".
The overall premise was that "a Mom has to like it".
In a newspaper interview in 1957, Khrushchev commented "support by United States ... is rather in the nature of the support that the rope gives to a hanged man."
The bill thus passed to the Senate, where it was referred to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
The cane toad has many other common names, including "giant toad" and "marine toad"; the former refers to its size, and the latter to the binomial name, "R. marina".
But Sofia in a new Indonesian film, "Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum"".
Nevada was also ranked sixth nationally in tackles for loss, with an average of 8.0 per game.
Nonetheless, it has been used successfully in many cases of central nervous system infection—including meningitis—caused by susceptible bacteria, and has also been suggested as a reasonable choice for this indication when treatment options are limited or when other antibiotics have failed.
They and their crew, plus stars Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon, flew to St. Louis and Barrymore and Fallon attended Game 4 in character, complete with the two of them running onto the field at Busch Stadium and kissing once the final out was made.
The phonograph was connected by an intricate arrangement of pulleys to the film projector, allowing—under ideal conditions—for synchronization.
These aristocrats were second only to the king in terms of power and privilege, filling the ranks of his administration and serving as commanding officers in the military.
In this area, there are several plaques showing the game's name and credits.
In 1919, The Football League voted to promote The Arsenal, instead of relegated local rivals Tottenham Hotspur, into the newly enlarged First Division, despite only listing the club sixth in the Second Division's last pre-war season of 1914–15.
In 1876, he was elected to Congress, where he became the Republican Party's expert on the protective tariff, which he promised would bring prosperity.
Hip baths were carried to the bedrooms each evening as no bathrooms were incorporated.
The same year, Square applied for a trademark for the names "Chrono Break" in the United States and "Chrono Brake" in Japan.
At this point, men who had always been directly under Magruder's command began to join the battle.
On 26 September Cardinal Alberic, Bishop of Ostia, arrived at Carlisle where David had called together his kingdom's nobles, abbots and bishops.
The judge reprimands Tritter for pursuing House to excess, and tells House that she thinks he "has better friends than he deserves", referring to Cuddy's 11th-hour testimony on his behalf.
To the Bedouin of the Negev and Sinai, Capella "al-'Ayyūq ath-Thurayyā" "Capella of the Pleiades", from its role as pointing out the position of that asterism.
Fermi became an American citizen in July 1944, the earliest date the law allowed.
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed, but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership.
He is commonly perceived to be a historical figure, connected with the establishment and propagation of the Vithoba-centric Varkari sect.
Cowdrey, meanwhile, proposed flying to South Africa himself to safeguard the tour but the South African minister Ben Schoeman said that D'Oliveira had been chosen because of politics and that South Africa would make no deal to let him play.
Certain camera angles, including the Three-Way View and 3-D Cockpit view, provide the player with simulated flight instruments such as an altimeter, airspeed indicator, accelerometer, variometer and tachometer.
The panel attributed to Gossaert shows even more significant, though perhaps more successful, alterations, including shifting the centre of balance by adding a section to the right-hand side, dressing the Virgin entirely in dark blue and changing her facial features.
It has large eyes and a "tapetum lucidum" to enhance its vision at night.
Matilda challenged his reign; as a result, England descended into a period of disorder known as the Anarchy.
By February 1940, Thomson's team had failed to create a chain reaction in natural uranium, and he had decided that it was not worth pursuing.
Several parasites have been recorded on "M. alcathoe".
Attempts at direct imaging of potential exoplanets have proven unsuccessful to date.
"Shōkaku" was the furthest advanced by this point and the supporting structure for the bridge had already been built; rebuilding it would have delayed construction so it was left in place.
His fearsome reputation gave a fillip to his recruiting efforts.
Fleetwood Mac's main writers—Buckingham, Christine McVie and Nicks—worked individually on specific songs, but sometimes shared lyrics with each other.
The plan set out objectives for the forthcoming metropolitan county.
Gibbs worked at a time when there was little tradition of rigorous theoretical science in the United States.
Bosanquet began to experiment with ways of throwing the ball so that, after pitching, it turned and spun in an unexpected direction, without his opponent detecting any difference in the delivery.
The Germans allowed Gens some privileges not accorded to other Vilnius Jews.
All she's doing is offering an opinion."
Three more destroyers (, , and ) would provide a rear guard in the Russell Islands during Abe's foray into the waters of" "Savo Sound" "around and near Savo Island off the north coast of Guadalcanal that would soon be nicknamed "Ironbottom Sound" as a result of this succession of battles and skirmishes.
The topography of the city center was also changed by the construction of a seawall and the artificial Harbor Island (completed 1909) at the mouth of the city's industrial Duwamish Waterway, the terminus of the Green River.
"Antique" was dedicated to "K.H.W.S.", or Wulff Scherchen, Britten's first romantic interest.
The Abbasid campaign was led personally by the Caliph al-Mu'tasim (reigned 833–842), in retaliation to a virtually unopposed expedition launched by the Byzantine emperor Theophilos (r. 829–842) into the Caliphate's borderlands the previous year.
A draft design was completed without foreign assistance by the Construction Department on 11 July 1939, but it did not reflect the numerous technical developments that had entered capital ship designs after the First World War.
Had they broken through, they would have been able to isolate the battalion's headquarters from the soldiers on the flanks.
In 2005, Gyllenhaal starred in the critically praised films "Proof", "Jarhead", and "Brokeback Mountain".
X-ray crystallography had just begun as a discipline in 1911, and had advanced relatively rapidly from simple salt crystals to crystals of complex molecules such as cholesterol.
While populations in Alaska and along the British Columbia coast are considered healthy, populations in Kamchatka and some populations along the U.S. west coast are in decline.
Her election was controversial; legal challenges to her eligibility hampered and eventually prevented her from serving as a councillor.
This allowed Beato to take a number of pictures of British military in operations or at the Royal Palace, Mandalay, as well as insurgency soldiers and prisoners.
The two returned a third time in June 1925 and stayed at the hotel of his friend Juanito Quintana.
The ears and nostrils of pygmy hippos have strong muscular valves to aid submerging underwater, and the skin physiology is dependent on the availability of water.
Although the local Saxon peasants might have disliked the Prussians, they disliked the French and Austrians more, and they gave up little information.
Dams trapping sediment not only pose damage to river habitat but also threaten future operations of the Colorado River reservoir system.
Nucleic acid design has the advantage of being much computationally easier than protein design, because the simple base pairing rules are sufficient to predict a structure's energetic favorability, and detailed information about the overall three-dimensional folding of the structure is not required.
Kruger's administration recorded twice as many Transvaalers as uitlanders, but acknowledged that there were more uitlanders than enfranchised burghers.
Some of the region's coal seams contained high quantities of firedamp, a highly explosive gas consisting of methane and hydrogen, and were therefore prone to explosions; firedamp rises into the higher points of workings, including cavities or, as at Senghenydd, when the seams were being mined in an upward gradient.
She would have remained a widow, sitting in that chair in the corner.
Robert T. Tally Jr., in his volume on Vonnegut's novels, wrote, "rather than tearing down and destroying the icons of twentieth-century, middle-class American life, Vonnegut gently reveals their basic flimsiness."
Linden and racing teammate John Ramsden finished 48th out of the 122 competing two-man teams over the eight-day competition.
To Pretorius and the Bride, he says "You stay.
Through all this, von Bülow retained his devotion to Wagner's music.
The local commander, Lieutenant Colonel Wiliater Hutagalung, served as his go-between with the other TNI leaders.
In 1952, the company united its newly expanded broadcasting interests into a division dubbed General Teleradio.
Zedong first met Yixiu on the day that the contract was signed.
"Magnet", "Q", and "The New Yorker" included it in their respective unnumbered shortlists of the best records issued that year.
Her third release of that year was the Colombian action film "Blunt Force Trauma", in which she starred opposite Ryan Kwanten and Mickey Rourke as a woman looking for her brother's murderer.
He included mankind in his speculations from the outset, and on seeing an orangutan in the zoo on 28 March 1838 noted its childlike behaviour.
This list comprises a selection of some premiere and other recordings by musicians who have become closely associated with Alkan's works.
The song has been covered by various recording artists, including Leona Lewis and Taylor Swift.
In 1970, his sixteen-year-old daughter Alice died after an eighteen-month battle with leukemia.
A white dwarf, also called a degenerate dwarf, is a stellar core remnant composed mostly of electron-degenerate matter.
In March 1958 a new reinforced concrete road bridge, the Blake Bridge, was opened as part of a bypass to take traffic away from the centre of Bridgwater.
The rain produced floods up to deep, causing deadly landslides across the island that killed 47 people; this made Chataan the deadliest natural disaster in the island's history.
In 1846, an estimated 1,500 people migrated to California.
NBC agreed to film his shows in the 1952–1953 season at Eagle Lion Studios, next to the Sam Goldwyn Studio, on Santa Monica Boulevard in Hollywood.
The reigning Spanish sovereign, Charles IV, was internationally regarded as ineffectual.
No evidence exists that McGeehan or Wolff attempted to intervene as Holland executed the maneuvers.
The Cazique's cash flow was all but wiped out when most of those who had bought the Poyaisian scrip did not make the payments due in January.
Their marriage produced no children.
The specific name "chrysops" is derived from the Ancient Greek words meaning "gold" and "face", in reference to the stripe of yellow feathers.
Therefore, Louise was selected to assume the role in her place.
It was ranked number one by "Billboard", "Mojo" and PopMatters; "NME" and "The A.V. Club" ranked it third, "Pitchfork" and "Q" fourth, and "Rolling Stone" and "Spin" sixth.
In addition to permanently adding the speed die in 2008, Hasbro also instituted further changes to the United States standard edition of the board, including making Mediterranean and Baltic Avenues a brown color group, making the Income Tax space a flat $200 (removing the 10% option), changing the colors on the GO space from red to black, increasing the Luxury Tax to $100 (from $75), and changing certain of the Community Chest and Chance cards.
In another trade, he offered publicity in his newspaper in exchange for free railroad passes for himself and his family.
A review of "The Found and the Lost" in the online science fiction magazine "Tor.com" compared "Paradises Lost" and "Vaster than Empires and More Slow", stating that while both stories examined the challenges of interstellar travel and the isolation it brought on, the differences between them were "as stark as they are fascinating".
Although many Democratic Klan members initially supported the 1932 presidential campaign of Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Klan later officially turned against him because of his acceptance of endorsements from minorities and labor unions.
The latter reported that Mac Bethad was killed in the battle by Siward, but it is known that Mac Bethad outlived Siward by two years.
Following Heath's resignation, Wilson formed a minority Labour government.
The alarm calls include a sharp "siflitt" for predators like cats and a "flitt-flitt" for birds of prey like the hobby.
In the first match, Headley played a slow, defensive innings of 57, but he did not reach fifty in his other three innings.
V. R. Devika, author of "Ahalya: Scarlet Letter", asks, "So is it right to condemn adultery and physical encounters as modern afflictions and against our [Indian/Hindu] culture?
The Excellency over the Masses (also known as the Minister over the Masses) shared the same censorial and advisory roles as the other two Excellencies, the Excellency of Works and Grand Commandant.
The ACCC conceded that the state governments were not carrying on businesses in procuring the medical products.
Unlike previous coalitions in which the participants had organized their armies independently of one another, the Allies of the Sixth Coalition created multi-national armies.
"Age of Empires", released on October 26, 1997, was the first game in the series, as well as the first major release from Ensemble Studios.
Brittlegills, such as "Russula heterophylla", "R. aeruginea", and "R. virescens", can be distinguished by their brittle flesh and the lack of both volva and ring.
For the two centuries prior to 1854, Japan had severely limited exchange with foreign nations, with the notable exceptions of Korea via Tsushima, Qing China via the Ryūkyūs, and the Dutch through the trading post of Dejima.
Above the eagle and shield are three stars, which are purely decorative.
He was based in the mountainous town of Pleiku and oversaw the surrounding region and the lowlands to the north of the capital of Saigon.
The next day, German troops entered Bulgaria from Romania, closing the ring around Yugoslavia.
In 2014, an additional 1000 faces were anticipated for 2016.
The church was demolished in 1874, and then side B of the inscription was discovered.
More serious was the retirement of Simon de Crépy, the Count of Amiens, to a monastery.
Becky is shown as an independent woman, meeting Mark on her terms.
Greek soldiers were not rounded up as prisoners of war and were allowed instead to go home after the demobilisation of their units, while their officers were permitted to retain their side arms.
He also owned a parchment factory, which allowed him to produce his own books.
The club also suffered poor form in the UEFA Champions League, they were eliminated in the group stages and subsequently entered the UEFA Cup (now rebranded as the UEFA Europa League).
Priors, abbots, and high-ranking canons were buried within the church, with those towards the east end of the church being the most important.
It has the oldest population of the three areas, is home to multiple industrial parks and includes the former Hamlet of Hardieville, which was annexed by Lethbridge in 1978.
Louise was summoned on 28 April 1914, and he died on 2 May.
Noting that many of these cyanobacteria had heterocysts, he speculated that they aid the plant by fixing atmospheric nitrogen, which is then washed off the flower heads by rain, and absorbed by the proteoid root mat.
The season's activity was reflected in a low cumulative accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 32.
The resulting equivalent optical depths are 0.14 km and 0.012 km.
The utilization of USDA and state government staff is covered in §1827, as is non-financial assistance to states.
In 1917, he was elected for membership to the Washington Biologists' Field Club.
His focus on detail was justified, as "The use of each trifling detail of structure is far from a barren search to those who believe in natural selection."
His father had moved to England, working as a Metropolitan Police officer, and then as a warden of St George's House, a YMCA hostel in Southwark.
The freeway between Niles and Benton Harbor was planned as a series of five segments when approved in 1981.
They chose a feature located 8° south of the equator as their point of reference.
Peter grabs her and, while being held at gunpoint, he tells Gibson that the film "is in President Rushmore's mouth" and points to the other side of the monument.
It proved a difficult experience, however, and Hepburn became ill with dysentery during filming.
In January 2013, No. 37 Squadron undertook a successful search-and-rescue mission for Alain Delord, a missing round-the-world yachtsman who was found approximately south of Tasmania.
The last Silverplate B-29 in service as a nuclear weapons carrier was reassigned to another role in November 1951, ending Silverplate after nearly eight years.
In southwestern Idaho, near Ellens Air Force Base, military police raid the home of Colonel Robert Budahas, who has stolen a military vehicle and barricaded himself inside.
A number of sources indicate that Gauguin was suffering a syphilitic rash that prevented him from travelling to Tahiti for several months.
Cunningham also regretted Moore's decision not to launch a further strike on 4 April.
Baldwin said: "It's very important that we should meet each other, finally, if I must say so, after something like 400 years."
It was released as a free download for Windows on June 5, 2008, sponsored by Nvidia, along with patch 1.6.
In Tippett's words, this is an attempt to deal "with those fundamental matters that bear upon man, his relationship with Time, his place in the world as we know it and in the mysterious universe at large".
His figures collate the daily casualty tallies kept by each unit under Haig's command.
Mimas, the innermost of the round moons of Saturn and directly interior to Enceladus, is a geologically dead body, even though it should experience stronger tidal forces than Enceladus.
Many critics derided the game's sense of maturity for a "Sonic" game, especially the addition of guns and other weapons.
This form intergrades with the nominate subspecies in central Europe, and with "T. p. hebridensis" in the Inner Hebrides and western Scotland, and in these areas birds show intermediate characteristics.
Trial on the 1,903 counts that survived pretrial motions began on March 4, 1907.
Bonds from Colombia, Peru, Chile and others, offering interest rates as high as 6% per annum, made Latin American securities extremely popular on the London market—a trend on which a nation like the Poyais described by MacGregor would be ideally positioned to capitalise.
All have higher relief than the usual issues.
If Epsilon Eridani has an Oort cloud, Luyten 726-8 could gravitationally perturb some of its comets with long orbital periods.
The West Indies team did not have Test status, so no official internationals were scheduled, but a series of representative matches against a West Indian team were played.
Elk have a keen sense of smell that can detect potential upwind predators at a distance of .
Approximately three-quarters of the way around the turn, at 14:16, the aircraft banked past 90°, descended rapidly, clipped power lines and hit the ground, exploding and killing the four crew members.
It was not until 1887 that Congress, ostensibly to relieve the poor (though most trade dollars were by then in the hands of speculators), provided for the redemption of unmutilated trade dollars.
The grey jay ("Perisoreus canadensis"), also gray jay, Canada jay, or whisky jack, is a passerine bird of the family Corvidae.
Late on November 25, the JTWC estimated that the typhoon attained a secondary peak intensity of 215 km/h (135 mph).
Harris describes how a bunker mentality descended on the "Stern" management as, instead of accepting the truth of the 's findings, they searched for alternative explanations as to how post-war whitening agents could have been used in the wartime paper.
Terence Fisher directed several low-budget thrillers in a noir mode for Hammer Film Productions, including "The Last Page" (a.k.a. "Man Bait"; 1952), "Stolen Face" (1952), and "Murder by Proxy" (a.k.a. "Blackout"; 1954).
In his reply, Pound pointed out that Hemingway had only lost "the "time" it will ... take you to rewrite the parts you can remember ... If the middle, i.e., "FORM", of the story is right then one ought to be able to reassemble it from memory ... If the thing wobbles and won't reform ... then it never "wd."
That year he published a new "syair", consisting of 24 quartets, entitled "Orang Prampoewan".
The early piano works are clearly influenced by Chopin.
In May 2008 "L'incoronazione" returned to Glyndebourne in a new production by Robert Carsen, with Leppard's large-scale orchestration replaced by the period instruments of the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment under Emmanuelle Haïm.
The disputation largely dealt with the doctrine of transubstantiation, which Vermigli strongly opposed, but the treatise was able to put forward Vermigli's own Eucharistic theology.
He grouped the nine corps areas together under four armies, which were charged with responsibility for training and frontier defense.
During refueling, Cooper outlined his flight plan to the cockpit crew: a southeast course toward Mexico City at the minimum airspeed possible without stalling the aircraft – approximately  – at a maximum altitude.
The first commissioner was Judge John W. Meldrum who served the army and National Park Service until 1935 from this building.
The 1955 Cleveland Indians season originally planned to use Houtteman as the number four pitcher on the starting rotation, as he had been the previous year.
Although the Cherokee had not raised arms against Mexico, their treaty with the Fredonian revolutionaries caused Mexican authorities to question the tribe's loyalty.
The shot of two Klingons killed and thrown back down a corridor by phaser blasts was simulated by positioning the camera at the bottom of a corridor set.
Between four and nine p.m., rioters set fire to the camp houses belonging to the coal company.
Following the election of the coalition government in the 1949 election, Blamey wrote to the newly elected Prime Minister, Robert Menzies, requesting honours for his generals.
Raiford had helped Ruth Hoskins produce the early Atlantic City games.
Morcar was imprisoned for the rest of his life; Hereward was pardoned and had his lands returned to him.
Unlike in his previous books, "the scientists are the bad guys this time".
Moore's formal education started at St. Mary's College, Oscott, a Catholic boarding school near Birmingham where he was the youngest of 150 boys.
Assuming Sasirekha's form, he returns to Dvaraka and, with the help of his assistants Chinnamaya, Lambu and Jambu, wreaks havoc on her wedding to Lakshmana Kumara, preventing the marriage from being carried out.
These later eras saw more religious innovations, including the practice of giving animal mummies as offerings to deities depicted in animal form, such as the cat mummies given to the feline goddess Bastet.
In the first half, goalkeeper Gil Merrick and his defence did well to keep West Bromwich Albion out; Trevor Smith had to clear an Ronnie Allen header from under the crossbar.
The gates were opened at eight o'clock, six hours before kick-off, and at noon the ground was full, the official attendance 93,000.
Older specimens are often paler.
Much of the northern part of the country has a tropical, predominantly summer-rainfall (monsoon).
He was promoted to the Montreal Canadiens' affiliate in the Quebec Senior Hockey League in 1940, but suffered a broken ankle in his first game after crashing into the boards and missed the remainder of the season.
"Castle" is sometimes used as a catch-all term for all kinds of fortifications and, as a result, has been misapplied in the technical sense.
The breakthrough in the centre of the Allied front surprised the Germans, when they were distracted by the Allied attacks at both ends of the Normandy bridgehead.
The problem was that the beams interfered with each other, producing a series of oscillations called hash.
Further, some of the thegns served in the royal army ("fyrd") under the command of Bishop Oswald or his successors, which presupposes the creation of a personal warband and possibly one with the secondary purpose of protecting the bishop's properties.
In many taxa, the respiratory structures on the endopods are internal, with a spiracle and pseudotrachaea, which resemble lungs.
The Allied story for FUSAG was that the army group, based in south-east England, would invade the Pas-de-Calais region several weeks after a smaller diversionary landing in Normandy.
A new statue of Jesus was carved for the central niche, but the two side niches now contain cherubim.
Many of the larger lemur species consume leaves (folivory), particularly the indriids.
From 1956 to 1958, Bowie was the subject of a CBS television series, "The Adventures of Jim Bowie", which was primarily set in 1830s Louisiana, although later episodes ventured into the Mexican province of Texas.
Before the arrival of Europeans, the Aboriginal peoples of Canada used symbolic artwork to denote their allegiance to a particular clan or pantribal sodalities, and to show legendary and religious themes.
Instrumentation is provided by a piano, a keyboard, big drums, a synthesizer, strings, and percussion instruments.
Given the prestige of the other graduates, Calvert's was the last awarded, but his presence in such company signalled his growing stature.
Noble won the match after he forced her to submit with this move.
These songs, initially demos for other artists to record, provided hits for Julie Driscoll and the Brian Auger Trinity ("This Wheel's on Fire"), The Byrds ("You Ain't Goin' Nowhere", "Nothing Was Delivered"), and Manfred Mann ("Mighty Quinn").
Some critics hailed the title as landmark of the music game genre; Randy Lewis of the "Los Angeles Times" described the game as a "quantum leap forward for the music video game", while Johnny Minkley of Eurogamer called it "the new standard by which all band-specific game experiences will be judged".
It further degenerated into a tropical depression by the evening of August 23.
Smart's mania, however it manifested itself, and it usually manifested itself in loud public prayer, did not stem from drunkenness; it was aggravated, however, by frequent recourse to the bottle.
"Filmfare", in 2013, named Gabbar Singh the most iconic villain in the history of Indian cinema, and four actors were included in its 2010 list of "80 Iconic Performances" for their work in this film.
Completed between September and October 1941, "Soeara Berbisa" featured "keroncong" music and was shot partly in western Java.
Twenty-five short-range second-rate battleships would provide home defense in both the Atlantic and Pacific and support the faster and larger long-range vessels.
Battlefield tests in World War I provided encouraging results, but the ancillary technology of mobile dovecotes for messenger pigeons had the greatest impact.
The Parrett was established as the border between the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex and the Brythonic kingdom of Dumnonia in 658, following the Dumnonians' defeat at the Battle of Peonnum that year.
Originally adopted from the hippie subculture, by the 1980s and 1990s heavy metal hair "symbolised the hate, angst and disenchantment of a generation that seemingly never felt at home", according to journalist Nader Rahman.
Gehrig added 47 home runs and his 175 RBI topped the AL; he won the first of his two AL MVP Awards.
As with many other coelurosaurian theropods discovered in the Yixian, the fossil skeleton was preserved with a coat of filamentous structures which are commonly recognized as the precursors of feathers.
He injected mice with bacteriophage and observed their immunological reactions and believed bacteriophages to be viruses.
The son of William and Elizabeth (née Best) Ponsford, Bill Ponsford was born in the Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy North on 19 October 1900.
They responded with a coup supported by the Catholic-aligned Đại Việt Quốc dân đảng, as well as General Trần Thiện Khiêm, a Catholic who had helped Khánh to power.
According to Darabont, harmonica player Tommy Morgan "casually delivered something dead-on perfect on the first take", and this is heard in the finished film.
An incorrect answer provides no movement for the chaser at all.
To the Household's surprise and concern, during Victoria's stay at Balmoral in September 1889, she and Karim stayed for one night at a remote house on the estate, Glas-allt-Shiel at Loch Muick.
In February 1929, sixteen months after "The Jazz Singer"'s debut, Columbia Pictures became the last of the eight studios that would be known as "majors" during Hollywood's Golden Age to release its first part-talking feature, "Lone Wolf's Daughter".
Mahayana Buddhism influenced Fan Zhongyan and Wang Anshi through its concept of ethical universalism, while Buddhist metaphysics deeply affected the pre–Neo-Confucian doctrine of Cheng Yi.
Control of castles allowed the nobles to defy kings or other overlords.
From 21 June, the 2/12th Commando Squadron conducted patrols of the outlying areas of Labuan to clear them of any Japanese forces; up to this point the squadron had formed part of the 9th Division's reserve.
The Suffolk Horse, also historically known as the Suffolk Punch or Suffolk Sorrel, is an English breed of draught horse.
In 1806, then Secretary of State James Madison issued an order officially halting mintage of the coins.
This form of the god's name is a Latinized version of the Syrian "Ilāh hag-Gabal", which derives from "Ilāh" (a Semitic word for "god") and "gabal" (an Arabic word for "mountain"), resulting in "the God of the Mountain," the Emesene manifestation of the deity.
Morgan's busy schedule required his scenes for the episode to be filmed weeks in advance.
In the series, Buffy Summers is a teenager chosen by mystical forces and endowed with superhuman powers to defeat vampires, demons, and other evils in the fictional town of Sunnydale.
She is a patron of Swansea's Longfields Day Centre for the disabled, and has made sizeable donations to the centre.
The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I, who was visiting Warsaw; the Tsar presented him with a diamond ring.
"Sap" was certified gold within two weeks.
Their heaviest defeats in the league were 8–0 against Sheffield Wednesday in 1911, West Ham United in 1968, Watford in 1982 and Southampton in 2014 Sunderland joined the top division in England, The Football League, in the 1890–91 season and were not relegated until 1957–58 (a span of 67 seasons).
However, Gretzky was passed over for the captaincy, along with several other Canadian veterans including Steve Yzerman and Ray Bourque in favour of the younger Eric Lindros.
In critic Sean O'Hagan's description, the Pistols had set off the "last and greatest outbreak of pop-based moral pandemonium".
A new Z Division was created to control testing, stockpiling and bomb assembly activities, which were concentrated at Sandia Base.
His father was a shipping merchant who was brought up as a Catholic but had Protestant sympathies, and his mother was a devout Independent unaffiliated with the Anglican Church.
His hope to fight in the Mexican-American War was one reason he refused an offer to become Polk's Attorney General.
Pierce began his presidency in mourning.
In 1981, the Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung (GSI; "Society for Heavy Ion Research") in Darmstadt, West Germany, claimed synthesis of element 107; their report came out five years after the first report from JINR but with greater precision, making a more solid claim on discovery.
Some Christians attacked and destroyed temples, as in the plundering of the Serapeum and other temples in Alexandria in AD 391 or 392.
She expected some of the notes, such as being told, "Alex, you can't make jokes about child predation in an Archie book".
In the west, the extension from Hammersmith approved in 1913 was finally carried out.
A longer drying process of up to two weeks in the sun follows (with provision for quick covering in the event of rain), again with constant turning.
The rest of "Morphscape"s songs were composed after "Red Alert 2".
Unlike the collector lanes, which provide access to every interchange, the express lanes only provide direct access to a select few interchanges.
Webber refused to buy any car unless the seller could prove the car's endurance by driving it to his home.
Use of this mushroom as a food source also seems to have existed in North America.
The marshes and meres surrounding the village supported fishing since Saxon times, at least until significant draining during the 17th century.
After two short running plays, Washington quarterback Fred Abel completed a 23-yard pass to running back Kinsley Dubois, bringing Washington inside the 25-yard line.
Because the minor league team that last held Jim Thorpe's contract had disbanded in 1910, he found himself in the rare position of being a sought-after free agent at the major league level during the era of the reserve clause, and thus had a choice of baseball teams for which to play.
Junichirō Koizumi's administration began some pro-competition reforms, and foreign investment in Japan has soared.
Although the duration of the conversion courses has remained unchanged since the Hornets were introduced into service, the content covered has been altered over time to reflect upgrades to the Hornets, the replacement of the Macchis with BAE Hawk 127 trainers in the early 2000s, and experience gained from using Hornets in combat during the Iraq War.
The U.S. Geological Survey's study of the environmental impact of the jetport started, "Development of the proposed jetport and its attendant facilities ... will inexorably destroy the south Florida ecosystem and thus the Everglades National Park".
She said later: "I prayed all night long for my master till the first of March; and all the time he was bringing people to look at me, and trying to sell me."
With Verrières Ridge taken, Simonds could launch armour and artillery attacks from its southern flank to push the Germans further back.
Up to this time, the university had awarded music degrees to candidates who had not been undergraduates at Cambridge; all that was required was to pass the university's music examinations.
"Rhythm Killers" was produced by Laswell with his band Material, which included Shakespeare, vocalist Bernard Fowler, and percussionist Aïyb Dieng, among others.
After the Ottoman Empire entered World War I, she supported the fortresses protecting the Dardanelles through mid-1915, and was decommissioned from August 1915 to the end of the war.
The rays were not removed, and the motto was moved to the reverse.
In March, Finance Minister Walter Harris, who was believed to be St. Laurent's heir apparent, introduced his budget.
Anti-apartheid activists used Biko's name and memory in their protests; in 1979, a mountaineer climbed the spire of Grace Cathedral in San Francisco to unfurl a banner with the names of Biko and imprisoned Black Panther Party leader Geronimo Pratt on it.
Prentiss based his description on skull fragments recovered from Native American shell middens in New England.
He pitched with such control that his 12.83 strikeout-to-walk ratio made him the second MLB pitcher ever to record a figure that high in a season (minimum 50 innings pitched).
She also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in recognition of her impact on the recording industry and philanthropic endeavors.
Hand made some important decisions in the area of free speech.
At the start of 1949, all but one of the major magazines in the field were in pulp format; by the end of 1955, all had either ceased publication or switched to digest format.
Meintjes writes that a "strange silence" enveloped Kruger thereafter.
However, Charles adamantly refused to receive Francis personally until the latter had accepted an agreement.
The result, Smith hoped, would yield farmland suitable for corn, sugar, rice, cotton, and tobacco.
The 1799 constitution created the office of lieutenant governor, who acted as Speaker of the Senate, but was not otherwise considered a member of that body.
In the American traveling circuses of the late 19th century and early 20th century, the Percheron was the most frequently seen draft horse.
This theory enjoyed surprising popularity during the early years of the twentieth century and was opposed by the German psychologist David Kuntz.
However, an epidemic wiped out up to 90% of the Native Americans along the Massachusetts coast in 1617–1619, including the Patuxet, before the arrival of the "Mayflower".
Two days later, Hooker's forces took Lookout Mountain.
He is especially attractive to Christian conservatives, who cite his deep religious beliefs, as well as his writings and speeches in favor of Christian virtue, and in defense of religious liberty.
She had been advised to see a specialist in Memphis, Tennessee, if there was a recurrence.
Capacity declined until the power station reached the end of its economic life and shut down in 1983.
In October 1964, the Cinema Theatre in Los Angeles held an event known as The Transcendental Art of Cameron, which displayed her art and poetry and screened some of her films; Anger arrived and disrupted the event by objecting to the screening of "Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome" without his permission.
His striking dress sense was set off by a gap between his two upper front teeth.
Sparta's allies were further alienated when, in 402 BC, Sparta attacked and subdued Elis, a member of the Peloponnesian League that had angered the Spartans during the course of the Peloponnesian War.
Daniel reached 900 career points on 21 November 2015 with an assist on a goal by Henrik against the Blackhawks.
Ryan conceded this point and announced that he would refrain from making such statements publicly in the future.
According to a letter he wrote, he and his wife vacated the building just before it collapsed, and were forced to live in a camp while aftershocks kept shaking the island for close to a month.
While in Oakland, Wheatley would achieve much greater success than he had in New York.
Several weeks after the storm, a massive bloom of the alga occurred offshore the northeastern United States for the first time, and the species bloomed every year post-Carrie.
Many Germanic Neopagans are also concerned with the preservation of heritage sites, and some practitioners have expressed concern regarding archaeological excavation of prehistoric and Early Medieval burials, believing that it is disrespectful to the individuals interred, whom Heathens widely see as their ancestors.
He missed the playoffs after tearing his knee ligaments in a game against the Phoenix Roadrunners when colliding with Bob Mowat, an opposing player during a line change.
Margaret, however, became almost as much of a thorn in Catherine's side as Francis, and in 1582, she returned to the French court without her husband.
If the taxes were not collected to the satisfaction of the colonial administrators, Atangana himself was expected to make up some of the difference.
As the popularity of waterparks increased, the H20hhh Zone was added in 1985.
The first quarter of 1907 followed the previous pattern and, on 16 February, the Active Battlefleet was re-designated the High Seas Fleet.
The long ducts reduced her aircraft capacity, and the exhaust gases were as much of a problem for landing aircraft as the turbulence would have been.
After the king returned to England after 1214, Neville remained in royal service until at least May 1216, although without custody of the Great Seal.
Admiral Wright stuck by his reduced sentences.
By the late 17th century it had been converted into a grain store by raising the floor to protect its contents from damp.
Schools and Anganwadi Center are focussed to provide with urinals and latrines, separate for boys and girls aling with baby friendly toilets in Anganwadi Centers to inculcate the habit of using sanitary latrines in young age.
In addition, the Master System version of "R-Type" has garnered retrospective praise for its quality, with its visuals considered comparable to those found in the TurboGrafx-16 port of the same title.
After affecting Taiwan and China, Rammasun began weakening due to an approaching trough, which turned the typhoon northeastward.
"Rostislav" had two vertical triple-expansion steam engines, identical to those of "Sissoi Veliky", that had a total designed output of .
The first cave dive was attempted at Swildon's Hole in 1934, and the first successful dive was achieved the following year at Wookey Hole Caves, which has the deepest sump in Britain at 76 m (250 ft).
"I don't care if a man's theory for tomorrow is correct," she once wrote.
Currently, the government of Iran has taken steps to avoid any competition between its athletes and those from Israel.
"Illustrious", the fourth ship of her name, was ordered as part of the 1936 Naval Programme from Vickers-Armstrongs on 13 April 1937.
In New York, WCBS-AM carried the Yankees' English broadcasts with John Sterling and Suzyn Waldman announcing.
In Wilberforce's absence, Pitt, who had long been supportive of abolition, introduced the preparatory motion himself, and ordered a Privy Council investigation into the slave trade, followed by a House of Commons review.
This enabled the use of animations depicting a variety of movements and facial expressions.
For much of the time, Jardine used different tactics to those employed in Australia.
The F manuscript dates to the early 13th century, with four scribal hands.
At the same time, it asked that no writ could be issued that would compel a man to appear before the Court; if it was, the clerk who issued it would lose his job and the Lord Chancellor would be fined £100.
In the game that followed, he posted a career-best 26 points as a bench player in a win over Iona.
His paternal family was ethnically Lithuanian–Ruthenian and traced their ancestry to Konstanty Fiodorowicz Kostiuszko, a courtier of Polish King and Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund I the Old.
The site controlled a river portage alongside the mouth of the rapids-infested La Chute River, in the between Lake Champlain and Lake George.
DLC incentives offered in-game packs for the player character, including the "Arcane Assassin", "Shadow Rat", "Backstreet Butcher", and "Acrobatic Killer" packs that offer enhancements for the player character's abilities, money, and a statue of one of the game's creatures.
Asian localities include Indonesia, Malaysia, India, Southern China, Japan, and Taiwan.
On May 2, commission chairman Charles Moore responded to Ross, giving preliminary approval, and stating that one of its members would work with Putnam as she prepared the necessary plaster models.
His student Theocritus wrote that Philetas' father was Telephos (Τήλεφος, ') and his mother, assuming the manuscript is supplemented correctly, Euctione (Εὐκτιόνη, ').
In the European PAL release, the game did not feature the additional demo disc.
What happened to the missing tablets is a matter of conjecture.
The vertebral arches were so heavily pierced by extensions of the external air sacs that of their side walls little remained but thick intersecting laminae, the ridges between the pneumatic openings.
The composition of fluorite was later determined to be calcium difluoride.
Farmer liked the idea that sex acts triggered Jason back to life.
The "Sketch" went so far as to claim the rivers of Poyais contained "globules of pure gold".
He took exception to a lack of involvement in foreign policy decisions made by Britain that would have significant ramifications for Australia.
Subsequent assessments have suggested a larger support base; 10,000 to 20,000 according to McNallen in 2006, and 7,878 according to the 2014 census.
Lovering's contribution on songs such as "Bone Machine" – which begins with a 10-second drum solo – "Break My Body" and "River Euphrates" established his steady, accurate style.
Methuen had decided that the book did not portray Great Britain accurately enough, and had compiled a list of 131 errors of detail, which should be put right, such as ensuring that the British police were unarmed and ensuring scenes of the British countryside were more accurate for discerning British readers.
The economy of the kingdom was based on agriculture.
As chief engineer, Viollet-le-Duc designed a brick pier within the statue, to which the skin would be anchored.
The band have unified a campaign to aid military veterans with their latest single "What’s Next".
On 9 February 1825, that body selected Secretary of State John Quincy Adams as president; that evening, the runner-up, General Andrew Jackson, shook hands with Adams at the White House as Lafayette looked on.
Upon its completion, Lutyens said of the monument, "it is very simple and a monolith and its subtlety in line means labour, care and thought.
The company will keep the Delta name and will be headquartered in Atlanta.
Joined by his colleagues—the poor, stupid and unhygienic Private Baldrick (Tony Robinson), and the overly optimistic, upper-class and equally idiotic Lieutenant George St Barleigh (Hugh Laurie)—Blackadder tries constantly to escape his position and avoid the "big push", which he fears will result in his death.
Early in the innings, the capacity crowd encroached substantially onto the ground and the umpires spent eight minutes trying to force them back to the edge of the official playing area, but they again spilled over.
Koufax also won the NL Triple Crown for pitchers those same three years by leading the NL in wins, strikeouts, and earned run average.
The local fans were initially hostile to the move, but Gilchrist won them over.
The Assembly then invalidated enough Republican ballots to give the election to Goebel.
The talonid, another group of cusps, makes up the back of the tooth.
The flooding, including a one-foot depth along U.S. Route 501, washed away a road and a bridge in Greenville County.
The critic Alexis Roland-Manuel wrote, "In reality he is, with Stravinsky, the one man in the world who best knows the weight of a trombone-note, the harmonics of a 'cello or a "pp" tam-tam in the relationships of one orchestral group to another."
Wang had toured the Soviet Union and observed its art, with which he was greatly impressed, and he proposed that sculptures and paintings be exhibited depicting the CPC's history, for eventual inclusion in the planned Museum of the Chinese Revolution.
When asked whether he had seen recent evidence of the Devil, Scalia replied: "You know, it is curious.
He made a substantial amount of money establishing mining claims for his clients in the former Mexican territory.
"Grosser Kurfürst" was armed with ten guns in five twin turrets and could steam at a top speed of .
However, it is regionally extinct in Malta and Tunisia.
Upon the recommendation of his parents, O'Halloran moved to Sydney in late 1955 to train with Frank Guthrie in an attempt to qualify for the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia.
When the opera was first presented in London in 1970, in a student production by the Royal Academy of Music, Peter Heyworth wrote, "A score that offers rich rewards to an attentive ear can none the less fail to cut much ice in the theatre.
Because every observation of each star was numbered and Epsilon Eridani was observed three times, it got three numbers: 6581, 6582 and 6583.
It is also different from that of the female mummy identified as Ahmes-Nefertari, thought to be his sister.
The operation order setting out how the raid was to be conducted was issued by No. 5 Group on 7 September.
All of the original actors save for the male lead role were recast in June 2007, and Sophia Myles, Jason Dohring and Shannyn Sossamon replaced them.
He was named "Kahkewāquonāby" by his maternal grandfather, Chief Wahbanosay, during a dedicated feast.
The largest numbers of Catholic refugees came from the two northern dioceses with the highest percentage of Catholics in Vietnam.
Murray was born at Clairville, near Evandale, Tasmania, on 1 December 1880, the eighth of nine children of Edward Kennedy Murray, a farmer, and his wife Clarissa, née Littler.
After rejoining the Celtics, Russell played 48 games, averaging 14.7 points per game and a league-high 19.6 rebounds per game.
A few weeks later, he wrote to Maund again: with the royal charter in place, "whatever [Lobengula] does now will not affect the fact that when there is a white occupation of the country our concession will come into force provided the English and not Boers get the country".
Wheeler himself disagreed, believing that he had left Fox at the Museum as his obvious successor, and that the reforms he had implemented would therefore continue.
The records show £1,313 was spent on the project in the year 1313–14, of which £548 was paid to masons for dressing stone.
While Harvard's decision to maintain its code made it hard for them to schedule games against other American universities, it agreed to play McGill University, from Montreal, in a two-game series in 1874.
The two kiss, but when Sahil tries to pull away, Jai rapes him, only to immediately regret it.
The last of the animals left in 1835, relocated to Regent's Park.
A girl, Sophia, and a boy, Douw Gerbrand, were born before Paul's arrival in 1825.
In his first Yankees season, Maris led the league in slugging percentage, RBIs, and extra base hits, finished second with 39 home runs, and won the AL MVP Award.
Both battleships supported Italian operations on Corfu in 1923 after an Italian general and his staff were murdered on the Greco-Albanian border; Benito Mussolini was not satisfied with the Greek Government's response so he ordered Italian troops to occupy the island.
The improvement of the road led to it becoming a stagecoach route in the middle of the 19th century.
In his first action, MacGregor and his cavalry routed a royalist force west of Maracay, between Valencia and Caracas.
In other ways it showcased distinctly European innovations, as it contained three floors entirely surrounded by wooden verandas and incorporated dormers in the shingled roof.
The Act has been reauthorized twice; Ryan White Programs are the largest provider of services for people living with HIV/AIDS in the United States.
King Chulalongkorn of Siam was staying in August 1897, when activity at the Elswick Works was disrupted by a bitter strike over pay and hours.
The augmented army of about 33,000 troops arrived at Leuthen to find 66,000 Austrians in possession.
In the Balkans, a vampire could also be killed by being shot or drowned, by repeating the funeral service, by sprinkling holy water on the body, or by exorcism.
The origin of "guinea" in "guinea pig" is harder to explain.
The medium-pressure turbines drove the wing shafts while the high- and low-pressure turbines drove the inner shafts.
Reflecting a consensus among art historians, Ward interprets the contradictions as "either curiously incoherent or deliberately designed to enact a complex symbolic message."
He was known for his ability to find common ground with very different communities.
Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.
There were two other women, both non-Hispanic, at Bergstrom Air Field, and several more in Big Spring, all working in the sheet metal department.
Production of Oliver’s original, three-rowed keyboard design was discontinued in 1931 when the company began to produce a rebranded model of the "Fortuna" typewriter, a four-rowed German design.
Peter Stack of the "San Francisco Chronicle", despite giving the film an unfavorable review, commended Dunst for her willingness "to be as silly and cloyingly agreeable as it takes to get through a slapdash film."
Cope and Marsh were financially and socially ruined by their attempts to outcompete and disgrace each other, but they made important contributions to science and the field of paleontology, and provided substantial material for further work—both scientists left behind many unopened boxes of fossils after their deaths.
Ma-Ma orders Dredd and Anderson killed, forcing the Judges to fight their way through dozens of armed thugs.
IGN has commented that the menu system used by the games is a major detractor for many and is a "significant reason why they haven't touched the series."
By 2006, there were independently produced versions, or "co-productions", of "Sesame Street" broadcast in twenty countries.
In the Northern Hemisphere, these are essentially the well-known ectomycorrhizal trees and shrubs in the Betulaceae, Fagaceae, Pinaceae and Salicaceae, but in arctic and alpine habitats, Russulaceae also associate with "Bistorta vivipara" (Polygonaceae), "Kobresia" (Cyperaceae), and "Dryas octopetala" (Rosaceae), ectomycorrhizal plants untypic in their respective families.
Many law enforcement agencies have insufficient storage space for the increasing amount of physical evidence they collect.
Meningitis can lead to serious long-term consequences such as deafness, epilepsy, hydrocephalus, or cognitive deficits, especially if not treated quickly.
She endorsed Kamala Harris in the United States Senate election in California, and organized a fundraiser for Harris at her home in Los Angeles in November 2016.
Up to 60,000 Italian volunteers were now operating in Spain, and the removal of foreign nationals was discussed by the Non-Intervention Committee.
She directed the mint to strike nothing but nickels for the remainder of the year, resulting in a total mintage for the 1931–S of 1,200,000, still the second-lowest by date and mint mark in the Buffalo nickel series.
Indigenous peoples of California and Nevada also noticed the bright pattern of Auriga's stars.
While students fought with police on the ground, mounted police charged the crowd, scattering them into smaller groups and arresting the stragglers, including one Cambridge undergraduate, Alexander Bowley, who was arrested for "barking like a dog".
In 2003, Hathaway declined the role for Joel Schumacher's "The Phantom of the Opera" (2004), because the production schedule of the film overlapped with "" (2004).
A major external difference between the previous model and this prototype was the new, low-profile turret which allowed the 45 millimetre gun to depress and elevate from 8° to 70°.
While in France, Isabella conspired with the exiled Roger Mortimer to have Edward deposed.
His opinion was that Simpson did not take drugs to gain an unfair advantage, but because "he was not going to be beaten by a pill".
It is the first movement in a major mode, and illustrates in rapid runs the motion and the running mentioned.
The Japanese immediately began to leave their positions, and headed north along inland trails to join other units.
In Salt Lake City, Romney worked while attending Roosevelt Junior High School and, beginning in 1922, Latter-day Saints High School.
During the proceedings, there were days when several thousand picketers protested in Foley Square outside the courthouse, chanting slogans like "Adolf Hitler never died / He's sitting at Medina's side".
On 18 September, the day after the fleet carrier was sunk on one such patrol, "Hermes" located a submarine, but attacks by her escorting destroyers, and , were ineffective.
The Emperor respected the prerogatives of the legislature, even when they resisted, delayed, or thwarted his goals and appointments.
Sediment accumulated on the new but slowly subsiding continental shelf all through the Paleozoic and into the Early Mesozoic.
Mather, a self-made millionaire and member of the Sierra Club, had written Lane a bitter letter in late 1914, complaining that the national parks were being exploited for private profit.
The walls of the "vimana" below the "dravida" superstructure are decorated with simple pilasters in low relief with boldly modeled sculptures between them.
Female beauty standards propagated by mass media and culture portray the ideal woman as able bodied: as one fashion model with a SCI commented, "when you have a devastating injury or disability, you're not often thought of as sensual or pretty because you don't look like the women in the magazines."
McClatchey grabbed her camera and took the only known picture of the smoke cloud from the explosion.
In the Maya Long Count, the previous world ended after 13 b'ak'tuns, or roughly 5,125 years.
Initial extrapolations placed Cooper's landing zone within an area on the southernmost outreach of Mount St. Helens, a few miles southeast of Ariel, Washington, near Lake Merwin, an artificial lake formed by a dam on the Lewis River.
Like Graham, he had worked for the Andersons before, having voiced Titan and Commander Shore in "Stingray".
The solutes in ocean water come both from inflowing river water and from the ocean floor.
The music won the Game Audio Network Guild's Best Audio in a Casual/Indie/Social Game award, and Darren Korb was selected as the Rookie of the Year.
Norman Josiffe was born in Sidcup, Kent, on 12 February 1940—he did not assume the name Scott until 1967.
The English left a trail of devastation behind once more and seized the strategic town of Haddington.
These designs varied greatly in everything but their standard displacements and speeds.
The original idea, favoured by Groves, was that the British scientists would work as a group under Chadwick, who would farm out work to them.
The Wayne Gretzky 99 Award is awarded annually to the Most Valuable Player in the Ontario Hockey League playoffs.
Tracey Ross and Rodney Van Johnson made cameo appearances as Eve and T. C. Russell in the series finale of the NBC primetime drama, "Providence", one of the first daytime-primetime crossovers.
"Super Mario World" was included on the SNES' re-release as the Super NES Classic Edition in September 2017.
So she was as great an influence on me as anybody."
Although these ethnic groups have since adapted in various ways, the famine period is commonly remembered as the time when their traditional lifestyle was ended by the arrival of foreigners on their land.
The Assembly was strictly under the control of Parliament, and was only to debate topics which Parliament directed.
"Gertie the Dinosaur" first appeared as part of McCay's vaudeville act in early 1914.
Princeton finished with a record of five wins, two losses, and one tie.
Kuntz, who lost his own step‑brother to suicide after returning home from the Gulf War, dedicated his efforts to improve mental health screening for Iraq War veterans.
The service was reduced during World War I, but Sunday services had increased to seven by 1922.
He has described it as being intentionally sparse lyrically, elaborating that blues music stems from the "guttural, visceral element of music.
In the third minute, Monk did not play, while Griffin played fast phrases at the top of his register with intermittently slower R&B and free jazz elements.
The show's concept was based on an article in "The New York Times" that discussed dating services.
Lutosławski was mobilised with the radio unit for the Kraków Army.
Similar early games between the military and civilians took place in Tasmania and Victoria.
An eruption in the Nazko area would probably create a small cinder cone, similar to what formed Nazko Cone 7,200 years ago.
White cloths were tied around their left arms to prevent "friendly fire" casualties.
However, in the late 1990s, around the airing of season 10, the tone and emphasis of the show began to change.
Today Griswold's name is usually associated with Poe's as a character assassin, although not all believe that Griswold deliberately intended to cause harm.
In June 1953 he was attacked by Will Lawther, the NUM president, for defying the Labour Party's position and supporting the Soviet claim that a workers' rising in East Germany had been orchestrated by "a CIA-sponsored West-German pro-fascist organisation".
Brundage, at Baillet-Latour's request, took the lead in the anti-boycott campaign.
The rod is rotated by hand, using a brace handle; the ice comes through the slots and piles up on top of the disc.
A planned sequel was canceled when Fish abruptly left the indie game industry.
As Ares besieges Athens out of hatred for Athena, Kratos embarks on a quest to find the one object capable of stopping the god once and for all: Pandora's Box.
The army also used mutiny as a tool to achieve political ends.
For Debussy, the musician and the man, I have had profound admiration, but by nature I am different from Debussy... I think I have always personally followed a direction opposed to that of [his] symbolism".
Davis was not initially impressed.
Water and electric power are municipal services, provided by Seattle Public Utilities and Seattle City Light respectively.
The landless Flemish nobleman William of Ypres had joined Stephen's household in 1133.
Other groups of animals were restricted in size and niches; mammals, for example, rarely exceeded the size of a domestic cat, and were generally rodent-sized carnivores of small prey.
She showed particular interest in photographs of the area around Hollin Brown Knoll and Shiny Brook, but said that it was impossible to be sure of the locations without visiting the moor.
The font's bowl is of Cork red marble, and supported by a stem, also red marble, a marble shaft of sculpted capitals, and an octagonal base.
Grahame-White made his first stop in Rugby just after 7:15 am.
Schmerber objected to the admissibility of the blood sample, claiming that the police violated his rights to due process, his right against self-incrimination, his right to counsel, and his right not to be subjected to unreasonable searches and seizures.
The human eye is optimised for air vision, and when it is immersed in direct contact with water, visual acuity is adversely affected by the difference in refractive index between water and air.
Local lords received him with lavish hospitality along the route and James was amazed by the wealth of his new land and subjects, claiming that he was "swapping a stony couch for a deep feather bed".
Such derivatives are regularly taken today by medical graduates about to enter medical practice.
It is said that in the first design meeting, Miralles, armed with some twigs and leaves, thrust them onto a table and declared "This is the Scottish Parliament" reinforcing the unique and abstract nature of the parliamentary campus.
The rapidly aging Spock, at the ages of 9, 13, 17, and 25, was portrayed successively by Carl Steven, Vadia Potenza, Stephen Manley and Joe W. Davis.
"Thanks in large part to Nadezhda von Meck", Wiley writes, "he became the first full-time professional Russian composer."
Hornig could not afford to pay the one cent rate for everything he bought, so he paid half a cent a word for much of what he acquired through Schwartz, and ran those stories under pseudonyms.
Sakic led the team to its first Stanley Cup championship, scoring 120 points in 82 regular season games and 34 points in 22 playoff games.
Rhodes writes that society now uses the word "slavery" in modern contexts only as a metaphor, so that references to actual contemporary slavery can be dismissed as hyperbole, and she describes the film's goal as to "reclaim the original term [slavery] and convince us that what is happening now is what happened then: highly organized and pervasive, intentional, highly profitable and ... fully as coercive and wantonly cruel."
They may be terrestrial or aquatic and many spend part of the year in each habitat.
In each program, Clark reminded the commentator and the viewing public that while he honors McCain's service, he has serious concerns about McCain's judgment in matters of national security policy, calling McCain "untested and untried".
At the time, Campbell's results were considered controversial and were criticized by members of the astronomical community, but they were confirmed by American astronomer Walter S. Adams in 1925.
In his original appearance, Jason was scripted as a mentally disabled young boy.
This species was first described by Carl Ludwig Hablitz in 1783 as "Colymbus caspicus", from a bird in Bandar-e Anzali.
Troika used Valve Corporation's Source game engine, then in development, which was being used for Valve's own "Half-Life 2".
Each follicle contains one or two fertile seeds, between which lies a woody dark brown separator of similar shape to the seeds.
This caesium-sequestering effect is caused by a brown pigment, the polyphenol compound norbadione A, which is related to a family of mushroom pigments known as pulvinic acids.
By then, Nixon had already overtaken Romney in Gallup's Republican preference poll, a lead he would hold throughout the rest of the campaign.
Van der Byl was given the task of selling the UDI to Rhodesian whites and to world opinion.
Even so, it took two attempts before the ship cleared the river.
Subsequent actors who portrayed a young Jason include Timothy Burr Mirkovich in "Jason Takes Manhattan" and Spencer Stump in "Freddy vs. Jason".
Accompanying Milligan to assist him in the investigation was his personal staff, including his chief of staff, Captain Edward F. Messina.
The fungus is mycorrhizal with broadleaf trees, and fruits on the ground in wooded areas.
Hunting season also attracts some tourist for wild goat, pig and partridge hunting in area nature reserves.
Considered a "blatantly great pop song" by producer Brendan O'Brien, Pearl Jam was reluctant to record it and had initially rejected it from "Vs." due to its accessibility.
Within this general ordering, specific instruments or combinations are used to accompany some of the main characters—Orpheus by harp and organ, shepherds by harpsichord and chitarrone, the Underworld gods by trombones and regal.
Some baleen whales can become victims of bycatch, which is especially serious for North Atlantic right whales considering its small number.
Calling his lecture notes on Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus and the Minor Prophets "brief and hasty annotations", he found it difficult to find time to prepare them for publication.
Though sometimes referred to as a deliriant and while muscarine was first isolated from "A. muscaria" and as such is its namesake, muscimol does not have action, either as an agonist or antagonist, at the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor site, and therefore atropine or physostigmine as an antidote is not recommended.
Two months later Genêt's agents ceased their operations in Kentucky and the potential crisis was averted.
Stanford Memorial Church was rededicated by chaplain Robert C. Gregg on November 1, 1992.
However, von Rhein notes that the theater's size poses a challenge to the performers attempting to fill its seats, and feels that it overemphasizes high-priced events.
Traffic reached 212,000 vehicles a day by February 1981, and Caltrans declared I-8 east of I-805 the busiest highway in the region.
Examples are Whitehead's theory, Brans–Dicke theory, teleparallelism, f(R) gravity and Einstein–Cartan theory.
In accordance with the poem's structure, Reger used the same material for each of the refrains, in a homophonic setting.
Although Gibraltar was not directly affected by the fighting, the war caused significant disruption.
There were successive sharp declines in numbers of huia in the 1860s and in the late 1880s, prompting the chiefs of the Manawatu and the Wairarapa to place a rāhui on the Tararua Range.
Several sketches were approved by Mint engraver Robert Scot and de Saussure and sent to President George Washington and Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson to gain their approval.
The victory boosted Song morale, and the military commissioner Zhang Jun (1097–1164) convinced Gaozong to begin plans for a counterattack.
In March 1931, this agreement was made official, with Metropolitan Life agreeing to lend $65 million (equivalent to $ million in ) to the Rockefeller Center Development Corporation.
Guitarist John Frusciante quit the band mid-tour in 1992 (not returning until 1998) due to his inability to cope with the album's popularity.
William Thomas Stearn was born at 37 Springfield Road, Chesterton, Cambridge, England, on 16 April 1911, the eldest of four sons, to Thomas Stearn (1871 or 1872–1922) and Ellen ("Nellie") Kiddy (1886–1986) of West Suffolk.
Amid regular work for "The Graphic", "Town and Country" and "Harper's Bazaar", he quickly wrote "Labels", a detached account of his honeymoon cruise with She-Evelyn.
Decker and Ilia are listed as "missing in action" rather than deceased, and the lighting and effects created as a result of the merge have been described as "quasimystical" and "pseudo-religious".
Colonel Domingo de Ugartechea, commander of all Mexican troops in Texas, sent a corporal and five enlisted men to retrieve the cannon that had been given to the colonists.
The frontal armour of the casemates protecting the secondary armament was also 6 inches thick with the rear protected by armour plates.
Although it was attacked and badly damaged in 1914 by the suffragette Mary Richardson, it soon was fully restored and returned to display.
She found the subservience of retail work irksome, and resigned in early 1938.
In the fourth season, four young actors joined the cast: Jermaine Crawford as Duquan "Dukie" Weems; Maestro Harrell as Randy Wagstaff; Julito McCullum as Namond Brice; and Tristan Wilds as Michael Lee.
This was accepted, but for legal reasons a nominal fee of one dollar was agreed upon.
His work is "architecture which can be enjoyed as well as admired".
Because Zhou knows Yue is poor, he commands the four students to become sworn brothers.
Oregon had not been a major issue in the 1844 election, but the heavy influx of settlers, mostly American, to the Oregon Country in 1845, and the rising spirit of expansionism in the United States as Texas and Oregon seized the public's eye, made a treaty with Britain more urgent.
There she identified Mary Squires as the woman who had cut off her stays, and claimed that Virtue Hall and a woman presumed to be Squires's daughter had been present at the time.
In his "Ecclesiastical History", Bede includes his list of seven kings who held "imperium" over the other kingdoms south of the Humber.
In Fort Myers, property damage was slight, limited mostly to scores of small boats and fishing shacks along the waterfront.
Although pardons were not common, it was possible to bypass the Judge and petition the king directly, and although Gascoyne had some concerns about the character of the witnesses upon whom he was able to call, he nevertheless wrote to George II to request that Squires be pardoned.
Large stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium were built up by both the Soviet Union and the United States during the Cold War.
Dehiscence is accompanied by the release of clouds of spores, resembling smoke.
Still, the absence of a single, sharply dramatic story line is a relatively small price to pay for the plainness and clarity with which these other issues are defined."
the majority of participants chose Parent B, looking mainly for positive attributes.
After those record labels showed no interest, Zazula borrowed enough money to cover the recording budget and signed Metallica to his own label, Megaforce Records.
The Court of Chancery could grant three possible remedies – specific performance, injunctions and damages.
The Army's artillery holdings consisted of 54 155 mm towed M777 howitzers, 188 81 mm mortars, RBS-70 surface-to-air missiles and FGM-148 Javelin anti-tank missiles.
In October 1974, in response to rising inflation, Ford went before the American public and asked them to "Whip Inflation Now".
The match has entered into the folklore of both countries because of a controversy over whether All Black Bob Deans scored a try which would have earned his team a 3–3 draw.
In Mulholland's scenes as Jabba, Jabba is represented as a rotund human dressed in a shaggy fur coat.
Another reason for the gradual decline in the development of Sicily's Baroque and building in general was that the money was running out.
This is roughly cylindrical, 10 to 12 centimetres (4–5 in) high and five centimetres (2 in) wide.
The arrival of the railway had a powerful impact on the duck industry, and up to a ton of ducks in a night were being shipped from Aylesbury to Smithfield Market in London by 1850.
Much of its success is due to its ability to swim out to sea and colonise new locations, but it is not restricted to the marine environment and spends much time in estuaries, rivers, and large lakes.
Sometime-collaborators Koryūsai (1735 – ) and Kitao Shigemasa (1739–1820) were prominent depicters of women who also moved ukiyo-e away from the dominance of Harunobu's idealism by focusing on contemporary urban fashions and celebrated real-world courtesans and geisha.
Her crew was therefore reduced to less than 1,000 officers and enlisted men.
He married Margaret Schwennesen, a pilot, on 23 December 1959 at Toorak Presbyterian Church in Melbourne; the couple had two daughters.
However, the practice of the morning deliberations ceased to be followed by 810 as did the monthly reports.
In 1996, they learned of the approach of Comet Hale–Bopp and rumors of an accompanying spaceship.
On the wall opposite the library fireplace is an opening into the drawing room.
He supported Operation Chromite in October 1950, as well as the United Nations mission of Korean reunification.
On September 30, 1920, Patton relinquished command of the 304th Tank Brigade and was reassigned to Fort Myer as commander of 3rd Squadron, 3rd Cavalry.
Steinbeck was right about the lack of popular appeal, however: the unusual mixture of taxonomic data and travelogue meant the book struggled to find an audience.
Ali's longstanding finale was the swallowing of copious amounts of water again, but this time followed by a pint of kerosene.
The wings are brown and the baculum (penis bone) is short and broad.
Etty exhibited "Elizabeth Potts" at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition of 1834 under the title of "A Portrait", as the subject's mother requested her identity be kept secret.
Unlike the Yukon Quest, the Junior Quest does not change locations and always starts and ends in Fairbanks.
On 6 November he met his uncle John Bevan, apparently in good spirits.
The pygmy hippo is herbivorous, feeding on ferns, broad-leaved plants, grasses, and fruits it finds in the forests.
Diuretics, drugs that increase urine output to reduce excessive fluid in the system, can be used when fluid overload does occur, as long as there is not a significant risk of shock.
During World War II, he volunteered for a Polish resistance operation that involved being imprisoned in the Auschwitz death camp in order to gather intelligence and later escape.
When Brant returned to Detroit in October, he had a sword cut on his leg, which had become infected and initially looked as if it would result in amputation.
His admiral vetoed the request until it was too late and "Conte di Cavour" had to use a deeper, , sandbank at 04:30 on 12 November.
The stadium's capacity increased to 50,000 after redevelopment with architect Archibald Leitch in 1913.
After the invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers on 6 April 1941, the extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ante Pavelić, who had been in exile in Benito Mussolini's Italy, was appointed "Poglavnik" (leader) of an Ustaše-led Croatian state – the Independent State of Croatia (often called the NDH, from the ).
A number of catastrophic fire events over the years greatly influenced fire management policies.
Her handling of this issue is described by Marquand as "maladroit", and by Skidelsky as showing "monumental tactlessness".
The next day, Arafat's body was flown from Paris aboard a French Air Force transport plane to Cairo, Egypt for a brief military funeral there, attended by several heads of states, prime ministers and foreign ministers.
From 1921 to 1952, the world's second-tallest radio tower stood on the south side of the city, but in 1952, the wireless telegraph tower was demolished.
After Gerard's return from Rome he restored Ranulf Flambard to the see of Durham.
The investigation resulted in the closure of half the Midland Road stand.
On pain of loss of their jobs, political appointees were required to support Taft or remain silent.
Many of the cannons and other weapons from the "Mary Rose" have provided invaluable physical evidence about 16th-century weapon technology.
A key feature of "Sgt. Pepper" is Martin and Emerick's liberal use of signal processing to shape the sound of the recording, which included the application of dynamic range compression, reverberation and signal limiting.
It is self-described as "piano instrumentals with a cinematic feel".
He emphasised the need for religious studies, insisting that the contingents from Cilacap attend Muhammadiyah conferences throughout Java.
It breeds in lowland South America from northern Argentina to Colombia and then up to the southern US and the West Indies.
The change in attitudes can be illustrated by the reactions to the table manners of the Byzantine princess Theodora Doukaina in the late 11th century.
The bridge is at the mouth of Coal Mine Hollow, and the road it was on was used by the lumber and coal industries that were active in Plunketts Creek Township during the 19th and early 20th centuries.
New holes were drilled from inspection galleries inside the dam into the surrounding bedrock.
At that time, his forces had been helping to defend the regional Mekong Delta town of Mỹ Tho, but the French decided to transfer more of the military power to their more mainstream allies, the Vietnamese National Army (VNA).
In 1975, Tonelli won the 100 m backstroke, 200 m backstroke and 200 m butterfly events at the Australian Championships.
Decades after his defeat he was still furious.
Indeed, the process of intervention had started earlier.
John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester, wrote more lewdly of Charles: Charles, a patron of the arts and sciences, founded the Royal Observatory and supported the Royal Society, a scientific group whose early members included Robert Hooke, Robert Boyle and Sir Isaac Newton.
Any attempt by one branch to assert control would likely involve a clash with the other.
This often reflects a history of sheep production.
Other terms for the books were "Penny dreadfuls", "railway novels" and "mustard plaisters".
The amount of time for this process to occur remains uncertain.
The walls, which are broken up into hundreds of projections and recesses, produce a remarkable effect of light and shade, an artistic vocabulary inherited by the Hoysala builders in the decades that followed.
Maria Bauer was convinced that Bacon's manuscripts had been imported into Jamestown, Virginia, in 1653, and could be found in the Bruton Vault at Williamsburg.
The Germans had to break the line to capture Thessaloniki, Greece's second-largest city, with a strategically-important port.
They departed Kure on 23 September for Lingga, escaping an attack by the submarine the next day, and arrived on 4 October, where Nishimura transferred his flag to "Yamashiro".
The tests consisted of vertically stacking five D-846 powder bags under an weight and dropping them three feet onto a steel plate to simulate a high-speed overram in a 16-inch gun barrel.
In 2012, "Complex" magazine named "God of War II" the best PlayStation 2 game of all time.
Problems began when Spain discovered and captured Port Egmont in 1770.
On 24 February 1910 the 19 members of BK Idrott founded Malmö FF; the first chairman was Werner Mårtensson.
Just a few months later, however, manager Keith Peacock was controversially sacked, and within 18 months the club had fallen into Division Four.
McKinley biographer H. Wayne Morgan wrote of the week following the shooting: His hearty constitution, everyone said, would see him through.
The main sources of income were war profiteering and smuggling, though some were able to find jobs in eastern Slavonia's revived oil industry.
In the grand Halleluja my soul almost ascended from my body."
For some this reflected a core conviction that effective war resistance requires self-sacrifice.
The statue atop the capitol dome was removed for restoration via helicopter in the summer of 1998, being returned in September of the same year.
Though ten years older than Baker, they quickly became friends and Pyne allowed Baker to stay at his house at 263 Madison Avenue.
As part of the same process, he was also chosen in England's greatest team.
The Supreme Court, after the judgement in the "Kesavananda Bharati" case, has adopted the view of the Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles being complementary to each other, each supplementing the other's role in aiming at the same goal of establishing a welfare state by means of social revolution.
During the Iraqi revolt of 1920, he helped evacuate Europeans from the region by boat.
Although he initially taught his followers to hate white people, he eventually began to cooperate with white city leaders.
The Mecklenburgs joined in 1867, while Bremen and Hamburg joined in 1888.
Under pretence of siding with Vespasian, Civilis of Batavia had taken up arms and induced the inhabitants of his native country to rebel.
Fairywrens exhibit one of the highest incidences of extra-pair mating, and many broods are brought up a by male who is not the natural father.
There were plans to construct an additional interchange at Rancho Del Oro Road in Oceanside; however, the Oceanside City Council decided to cancel these plans in 2005, despite studies suggesting that this move would be detrimental to the traffic in the region.
Gauguin's figure invokes the Polynesian goddess Hina, depicted by Morice as a Diana-like deity clutching a wolf cub, "monstrous and majestic, drunk with pride, rage and sorrow".
Grooming was seen as the primary function since primates lack the claws needed to adequately comb the fur, although prosimian primates (strepsirrhines and tarsiers) possess at least one grooming claw on each foot to compensate.
At the time, JG 51 were based at Saint-Inglevert, Pas-de-Calais, France.
If Eta Carinae A was rapidly stripped of its outer layers, it might be a less massive WC- or WO-type star when core collapse was reached.
The batrachotoxin family of compounds are the most toxic compounds by weight in nature, being 250 times more toxic than strychnine.
Over 140 people suffered injuries, including Potash, whose eyes were struck by glass from a broken windshield.
Hoornweg said that if she had known that Kydd would not keep her long term commitment, then she would have rather invested in young talent, referring to Kydd as a "player at risk".
This result may mean that the initial luminosity of this type of supernova depends on the viewing angle.
His innovations in the description of English grammar, particularly his efforts to dissociate it from Latin grammar, led 20th-century scholars to describe him as "one of the great grammarians of his time".
The establishment influenced the party with its financial backing, while the yeoman proprietary was the most numerous.
A small jetty was erected in 1877, but it was washed away in a storm two years later.
While his personal quarters were austere, Cleveland enjoyed an active social life and "the easy-going sociability of hotel-lobbies and saloons."
Pittsburgh kicker Jeff Reed proved more accurate, and the Steelers beat the Jets, 20–17.
Atoms of the same element have the same number of protons, called the atomic number.
In 1108, Henry betrothed his six-year-old daughter, Matilda, to Henry V, the future Holy Roman Emperor.
Introduced oaks appear to have been the vector to Australia and South America; populations under oaks have been recorded from Melbourne and Canberra (where two people died in January 2012, of four who were poisoned) and Adelaide, as well as Uruguay.
"Marquee Moon" was released on February 8, 1977, in the United States and on March 4, 1977, in the United Kingdom, where it was an unexpected success and reached number 28 on the country's albums chart.
Generally, "StarCraft" was received positively by critics, with many contemporary reviewers noting that while the game may not have deviated significantly from the status quo of most real-time strategy games, it was one of the best to have applied the formula.
The show was considered risqué by the theatrical press.
Tracked down three months later in Virginia Beach, McCoy was killed in a shootout with FBI agents.
Its scales, some of which are reinforced with bone, have sensory plaques connected to nerves to facilitate its sense of touch.
Although the spectacle of violent mob attacks had previously benefited white supremacists, Wood contends that after Washington's death was publicized, the anti-lynching movement included images of racially motivated brutality in their campaigns.
Gernsback discovered that the audience he had attracted was less interested in scientific invention stories than in fantastical adventures.
The first plane took off from Spruance's carriers "Enterprise" and "Hornet" a few minutes after 07:00.
Other calls include those given by a female in response to the advertisement call and a release call given by a male or female during unwanted attempts at amplexus.
Temple walls also frequently bear written or drawn graffiti, both in modern languages and in ancient ones such as Greek, Latin, and Demotic, the form of Egyptian that was commonly used in Greco-Roman times.
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23.
They fledge about 10 days after hatching.
Roosevelt believed Taft was his logical successor, although the War Secretary was initially reluctant to run.
It must not be left half-cut, as then it will curse the house of the man.
The capillitial hyphae are 1.5–9.5 µm wide, thick-walled, often with a narrow lumen, and with or without surface ornamentation.
Divergence between the two recognized species of giant mouse lemur is estimated at 2.1 mya.
In general, though, judgements on his captaincy were positive; his team-mates and opponents believed he had firm control of the side and E. W. Swanton complimented his tactics.
Guard stations and work camps dot the forest.
Not long after, the City of Memphis named the stretch of Highway 51 South on which Graceland is located "Elvis Presley Boulevard".
Tkach asked the church leadership to study the question.
Announcing her departure on Twitter, she emphasized that it was a mutual decision with the network.
The Blue Star Memorial Highway designation was applied to the highway to honor those serving in the military.
At 22:20, Jojima radioed Gotō and told him that no U.S. ships were in the vicinity.
The age of small kingdoms had given way to large empires in this region.
The origin of "gorby", also spelt "gorbey", is unclear but possibly derived from "gorb", which in Scots or Irish means "glutton" or "greedy (animal)" or in Scots or northern English "fledgling bird".
He was subsequently evacuated to the United Kingdom, where he convalesced until January 1916, when he was appointed commandant of the Australian reinforcement camp at Weymouth, Dorset.
As in most LucasArts adventure games, the player can never die or otherwise get into a no-win situation (that prevents completion of the game).
In 1896 "Huddersfield" was withdrawn, and in 1899 replaced with a new Manning Wardle locomotive named "Wotton No. 2", at which time "Earl Temple" was renamed "Brill No. 1".
In adapting the book Noer read much of the available literature (including court documents) and interviewed numerous eyewitnesses; Jajang, in a 1998 interview, said that her husband had not only read the official government version, but also the controversial Cornell Paper, which portrayed the coup as entirely an internal Army affair.
On Auchinleck dispatched Clarke to Libya with urgent orders to assist in halting the German advances.
He was screaming there were two Mexicans hiding under his bed with long daggers.
From 10 pages in its first edition, by 1949 he had expanded the "Green Book" to more than 80 pages, including advertisements.
The club has knocked out Football League opposition on a record 16 occasions, including a 1986 victory against top-flight Birmingham City.
In 1999, "Time" named Anne Frank among the heroes and icons of the 20th century on their list "The Most Important People of the Century", stating: "With a diary kept in a secret attic, she braved the Nazis and lent a searing voice to the fight for human dignity".
It taps on trees to find insect larvae, then gnaws holes in the wood and inserts its elongated middle finger to pull the larvae out.
Furthermore, while Anderson dated Melrose 192 with reference to Abbot William III de Courcy (abbot of Melrose from 1215 to 1216), Oram identified Abbot William as Abbot William II (abbot from 1202 to 1206).
Wounded in 1915 by a bullet, Kertész suffered temporary paralysis of his left arm.
The Orroral Valley Tracking Station, which was for orbiting satellite support, opened in in what is now part of Namadgi National Park, was closed down in 1985.
The intersection was configured as a Michigan left design when McClellan Avenue was extended southward past the expressway in 1994.
Its foraging area is quite small, often amounting to only a few dozen square meters (several hundred square feet) per day.
The conservatives planned a monarchist political system, with a lesser role for Parliament.
At 23:55, and again at 00:20, "Kapitän" von Karpf tried to find a path through the British fleet, but both times was unable to do so.
Russia won a gold medal in that tournament, and as an underaged player, Filatov contributed four goals and five assists in seven games.
Lightfoot changed the third line to "At 7 p.m. it grew dark, it was then,"  The song has been covered by many performers.
"Endeavour" then continued south along the coast of Africa and across the Atlantic to South America, arriving in Rio de Janeiro on 13 November 1768.
The precise composition of the subnebula is not known; however, the relatively high density of Titania and other Uranian moons compared to the moons of Saturn indicates that it may have been relatively water-poor.
He had four decades of seafaring experience and had served as captain of , from which he was transferred to command "Titanic".
Making a dollar equal to given quantities of both gold and silver made the currency vulnerable to variations in the price of precious metals, and U.S. coins flowed overseas for melting until adjustments were made to their size and weight in 1834 and again with the Coinage Act of 1853, when the amount of bullion in the silver coins worth less than a dollar was reduced.
In 2010, Japan's total fisheries production was 4,762,469 fish.
The Church of England has two parishes in Herne Bay: Christ Church with St Andrew's, and St Martin's with St Peter's.
A latterly applied nickname, "the greatest footballer you never saw", was used as the title of his 1997 biography, co-written by Oasis bass player Paul McGuigan and Hewitt.
LaRouche alleges that Kronberg perjured herself and colluded with the prosecutors to frame him in order to cover up a bad check issued in 1979 by her from a New Benjamin Franklin House Publishing Company account for royalties owed him.
There is some uncertainty about the biggest blue whale ever found, as most data came from blue whales killed in Antarctic waters during the first half of the twentieth century, which were collected by whalers not well-versed in standard zoological measurement techniques.
Operating Kittyhawks, No. 80 Squadron undertook dive bombing and strafing missions against Japanese targets, but saw little air combat.
The 1974 Congressional midterm elections took place in the wake of the Watergate scandal and less than three months after Ford assumed office.
The British mission was given complete access to the electromagnetic project, both in Berkeley and at the Y-12 electromagnetic separation plant in Oak Ridge.
A force of German infantry and army engineers went ashore to take the fortress, with heavy fire support from "Schleswig-Holstein".
This was painted at the apex of Lichtenstein's use of enlarged dots, cropping and magnification of the original source.
Grand Forks has three large shopping centers.
Howe planned an invasion into Boston, but bad weather delayed their advance.
Richard Hawes was elected to replace Johnson and served through the remainder of the war.
"Akagi" reinforced the CAP with launches of three Zeros at 08:08 and four at 08:32.
The de Valera government also sought to remove the remaining ties between Ireland and the UK, such as ending the King's status as Irish Head of State.
The intro changes between D and F# major chords before the first verse brings the song into E.
But in the opinion of French admiral Kerguelen, "S'ils avaient bien manouevré, ils auraient pu, ou prendre tous nos vaisseaux, ou les faire périr à la côte" (If [the English] had manouevred successfully they could have taken all of our vessels, or made them perish on the coast).
During his early teenage years, Holloway attended the Worshipful School of Carpenters in nearby Stratford and joined a local choir, which he later called his "big moment".
Often the purchaser was arranged in advance, and the sale was a form of symbolic separation and remarriage, as in a case from Maidstone, where in January 1815 John Osborne planned to sell his wife at the local market.
In 1972, Brundage called for the elimination of the Winter Olympics after 1976, finding them hopelessly polluted by rampant commercialism, especially in alpine skiing.
The remnant circulation produced heavy amounts of precipitation in western Mexico and Baja California.
A frog's skin is protective, has a respiratory function, can absorb water and helps control body temperature.
Klenau managed a spirited, and gradual withdrawal to a position behind the Austrian line at the Russbach, and above the Wagram escarpment; this exposed several of the villages on the western edge of the Marchfield Plain, including Aspern and Essling, to French capture.
In 1983, when the VHS edition was released in the United Kingdom, it was short by about four seconds.
The three-dollar piece was a gold coin produced by the United States Bureau of the Mint from 1854 to 1889.
Though Disston's canals did not drain, his purchase primed the economy of Florida.
In June, Romney said that he would not vote for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton either, saying: "It's a matter of personal conscience.
However some evidence exists that it had "accommodation for forty-two children and an average attendance of twenty-eight".
The name "Oryzomys" was introduced in 1857 by Spencer Fullerton Baird for the marsh rice rat (now "Oryzomys palustris") of the eastern United States, which had been first described twenty years earlier by Richard Harlan.
This movement was ushered in by the Haridasas (literally "servants of Lord Hari") and took shape in the 13th century – 14th century CE, period, prior to and during the early rule of the Vijayanagara empire.
Enemies inhabit the field map and track the player to engage in combat, which can be initiated through contact between the player and an enemy.
The difficulties imposed by the terrain, and disruption by American artillery and Allied naval gunfire, forced a postponement of the attack to the night of 3 March.
He had some informers and their managers whipped and paraded in the arena.
Businesses include the public swimming pool in Lower Hutt, a Marlborough winery, and Huia Publishers, which specialises in Māori writing and perspectives.
That year she was a speaker at a "Grand Demonstration" at St James's Hall, London, and in the following year addressed a similar meeting in Bradford.
Jewish communities were expelled from England in 1290 and from France in 1306.
Houston experienced torrential rainfall in a short amount of time.
During his brief literary career, he wrote more than a hundred short stories and fictional sketches.
The rivalry was strengthened by what Catalonians saw as a provocative representative of Madrid.
This place is a realm at the end of time where the goddess keeps a dark energy called Chaos from escaping and destroying the timeline.
As the peregrine-hierofalcon group includes both Old World and North American species, it is likely that the lineage originated in western Eurasia or Africa.
Modern biographers have speculated that he may have suffered from the psychological condition megalomania.
Knox chose to leave, and on 5 May he left for St Andrews.
A common component used for radio frequency filtering (and MEMS applications generally), is the cantilever resonator.
The writer Paul Goldberger states that the Financial District, in particular, was devoid of "almost any kind of urban amenity", including entertainment, cultural hubs, or housing.
After receiving the post-field goal kickoff, the Florida State offense began another drive.
The Heywood family at this time was in deep financial trouble, Peter John Heywood having been dismissed by the Duke for gross mismanagement and embezzlement of funds.
Less than 2 percent of the watershed is at high risk for landslides.
Twentieth-century lecturers include Geoffrey Fisher, Donald Coggan, Donald Soper and George Carey.
They demanded a printed retraction and apology, which the "Herald" gave soon after to preempt any further scandal.
A three-day conference in Atlanta organized by the Southern Methodist Church released a statement that similarly condemned the chaotic week in Rosewood.
A 2012 paper, proposed that this phenomenon was caused by Betelgeuse transitioning from a blue supergiant (BSG) to a red supergiant (RSG).
Free hydrochloric acid was first "formally described" in the 16th century by Libavius.
The same storm system caused the Johnstown Flood, which killed over 2200 people.
He finds pride in his work for the first time when dealing with the body of a former girlfriend.
This attack was a large-scale test of the effectiveness of firebombing.
Riel was portrayed as an insane traitor and an obstacle to the expansion of Canada to the West.
On the first play inside the red zone, however, Kansas fumbled the ball.
"U-66" finished out her busy month the next day by sinking one British and one Italian ship.
A Palm Avenue Commercial Corridor Master Plan was endorsed in February 2009, in efforts to improve the commercial area.
The British Secret Service agent James Bond is asked by his superior, M, to join him at M's club, Blades.
One person at the studio refused to work on this episode because they did not agree with the portrayal of some of the religious content.
A digital version of the Borg body suit was used for the lowering sequence, at which point the image was morphed back to the real shot of Krige's body.
Although the proposal was defeated by a single vote, Trott was one of twelve Test players who signed a letter to the ACC secretary calling for the disbanding of the organisation.
In his 1865 report Pollock wrote, "From this nickel alloy, a coin for the denomination of five cents, and which would be a popular substitute for the five cent note, could easily be made ... [The five cent coin should be struck in base metal] only until the resumption of specie payments ... in time of peace ... coins of inferior alloy should not be permitted to take the place permanently of silver in the coinage of pieces above the denomination of three cents."
The birds breed easily in captivity and can lay eggs every 3 weeks between February and November.
Van Gogh was given the name of his grandfather, and of a brother stillborn exactly a year before his birth.
The D3As and B5Ns inflicted some damage to the port facilities, but a day's warning had allowed most of the shipping in the harbor to be evacuated.
The former client arrives and announces himself as the legendary Number One Killer.
As a conjoint program with Africare, the sorority sought to decrease poverty in African villages.
The fastest way to do so was to build a bridge to cross the Kinzua Valley.
The two routes head northeast through an arm of the San Gabriel Valley; after they split, SR 57 ascends slightly and then slopes through the edge of the Puente Hills and into the west end of the Pomona Valley.
Lamm compared homosexuals to those who attempt suicide (also a sin in Jewish law), arguing that in both cases it would be irresponsible to shun or jail the sinner, but equally wrong for society to give "open or even tacit approval".
Diseases encountered among the immigrants included smallpox, typhus, and yellow fever.
She already had two children, Douglas and Andrew, born in 1959 and 1962 respectively; he adopted them in 1966.
He promised to end the use of tobacco in the military after the end of the war.
The Aberdeen government chose to make this a motion of confidence; Disraeli led the opposition to defeat the government, 305 to 148.
Female marmots reach sexual maturity at three years of age, and produce litters of 1–6 every other mating season.
The memorial was designated a Grade II* listed building on 22 January 1976.
The permissibility of abortion, and the limitations upon it, are to be resolved like most important questions in our democracy: by citizens trying to persuade one another and then voting.
A bill was narrowly defeated in September 2010, but following their 2011 majority election win, the long-gun registry was abolished by the Harper government in April 2012.
No line of battle was formed, and few if any commands were resupplied with ammunition.
Impatient with the delay, on February 27 Travis ordered Samuel G. Bastian to go to Gonzales "to hurry up reinforcements".
"Time Magazine" declared, "Under Aubrey, MGM churned out profitable, medium-budget schlock like "Skyjacked" and "Black Belly of the Tarantula"; directors often charged him with philistine meddling, and he alienated many of them" but "as a financial auteur, Aubrey may have deserved an Oscar."
At the same time the 14th Red Army (under Ieronim Uborevich) captured Wyszków and started a fast march westwards, towards Toruń.
It slowly organized and became a tropical storm with 45 mph (75 km/h) sustained winds.
Near the beginning of "Halo 2", the Covenant stumble upon humanity's best-guarded secret—the location of Earth—and launch a direct attack on the city of New Mombasa, Kenya.
To supplement his income, he opened a grocery store and a commission business (selling others' goods on consignment) with his brother.
The surface of the glacier, once mostly without crevasses, turned into a chaotic jumble of icefalls heavily criss-crossed with crevasses and seracs caused by movement of the crater floor.
In the weeks prior to the release of her film "Glitter" and its accompanying soundtrack in 2001, she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion.
Other traffic went to and from a large sawmill at White Pine and other mills to the west and north.
M. Keith Booker has described the Kindred's shapeshifting as representative of contemporary sexual anxieties caused by the changing gender roles of the decade, coupled with "a basic fear of sexual contact".
Among those finishes, he ran second and third in two stakes races, a type of race for higher quality horses with a higher payout.
As the 1880s progressed, the balance of power within English football began to change.
In July 1300, the Crusaders launched naval operations to press the advantage.
Tillman later recalled that "the leading white men of Edgefield" had decided "to seize the first opportunity that the Negroes might offer them to provoke a riot and teach the Negroes a lesson" by "having the whites demonstrate their superiority by killing as many of them as was justifiable".
Though he was not considered a good puck handler, Henderson was a fast skater and was known for his skills at shooting the puck.
The genetic separation between species is small and there was a suggestion the forest raven may be conspecific with the Australian raven.
At the end of the decade he played a rakish journalist, Haverford Downs, in John Mortimer's "Summer's Lease", for which he won an Emmy Award after its 1991 American broadcast.
However, two days before, on 24 June, he was diagnosed with appendicitis.
It was produced by Korrapati Ranganatha Sai Varahi Chalana Chitram with an estimated budget of 260 to 400 million (US$– million), and was made simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil, the latter as Naan Ee ().
The soundtrack was very well received.
Theobald also became embroiled in the dispute between Hilary, the Bishop of Chichester, and Walter de Lucy, the abbot of Battle Abbey, over Hilary's claims to jurisdiction over the abbey and the abbey's counter-claims that it was exempt from episcopal supervision.
The colleges sold the property to William Ferris Pell in 1820.
"Nassau" was ceded to Japan, Britain received "Westfalen" and "Posen", and "Rheinland" was sold directly to the breakers at Dordrecht.
The scarlet myzomela is more commonly heard than seen, and has a wider repertoire of notes in its calls than most honeyeaters.
Reconstructions of the neck and thorax of "Diplodocus" show great pneumaticity, which could have played a role in respiration as it does in birds.
After these dismal results, Lansbury was persuaded by Hyndman to give up his job at the sawmill and become the SDF's full-time salaried national organiser.
After Tchaikovsky's death, Rimsky-Korsakov wrote the opera "Christmas Eve", based on the same story.
The British Empire was also responsible for large migrations of peoples.
Emmeline was so furious that she "gave [Adela] a ticket, £20, and a letter of introduction to a suffragette in Australia, and firmly insisted that she emigrate".
He defines the lexicographical order and an addition operation, noting that 0.999... < 1 simply because 0 < 1 in the ones place, but for any nonterminating "x", one has 0.999... + "x" = 1 + "x".
On 17 August 1563, Charles IX was declared of age at the Parlement of Rouen, but he was never able to rule on his own and showed little interest in government.
A step of the Euclidean algorithm that replaces the first of the two numbers corresponds to a step in the tree from a node to its right child, and a step that replaces the second of the two numbers corresponds to a step in the tree from a node to its left child.
In the story of "Sir Gawain", Gawain finds himself torn between doing what a damsel asks (accepting the girdle) and keeping his promise (returning anything given to him while his host is away).
Rising waters have covered one of the side trails in the park, which has been gated and closed.
Playford continued to lead the LCL opposition for a further one and a half years until he relinquished the leadership.
Her brother, Frank, who is gay and a scholar of Proust, is temporarily living at home with the family after having attempted suicide.
"Congress", accompanied by "Constellation", assumed blockade duties of Tripoli and captured one "xebec" before sailing for Malta on 25 October for repairs.
In 1977, a third Española male tortoise was returned to Galapagos from the San Diego Zoo and joined the breeding group.
In rural areas, farming peasants either owned their own plots of land, paid rents as tenant farmers, or were serfs on large estates.
Chris Roberts, the game's director of graphics, tools and technologies, said that Sony Computer Entertainment involved the Liverpudlian studio early in the development of the PlayStation Vita and had a "fairly good idea" of the console's capability.
It is a genuine Italian ecclesiastical face of the XVth Century."
The game's AI allowed followers to automatically construct buildings, but this led to problems directing them in the midst of a hectic battle.
Shortly before the final Test of 1968, he offered personally to match the money that D'Oliveira told him he had been offered to make himself available for the MCC team.
The Japanese opened Operation "Mo" by occupying Tulagi on 3 May.
Petty bickering between Smith and the Council members increased dramatically, and on January 9, 1836, Smith threatened to dismiss the Council unless they agreed to revoke their approval of the Matamoros Expedition.
In 1972, he said, "Sour grapes to criticize the man who beat me, but I just wouldn't be human if I said I liked spending the second half of my life as 'the man who Nixon beat'".
Cope was outraged and the two argued for some time until they agreed to have Leidy examine the bones and determine who was right.
According to some histories, insurgents attempted to blow up the Pillar.
The impromptu musical education Harrison received while playing long hours with the Beatles, as well as the guitar lessons he took from Tony Sheridan while they briefly served as his backing group, laid the foundations of his sound and of his role within the group; he was later known as "the quiet Beatle".
One of the boys expelled, Clarence Keating Bowie, became a member of the school board in 1926.
It also has a relatively short, hooked, ivory-colored beak.
After 830, Egbert had followed a policy of maintaining good relations with Mercia, and this was continued by Æthelwulf when he became king.
Milk's volunteers even took thousands of brochures and because the Peoples Temple leader, Jim Jones, was a politically powerful individual in San Francisco, Milk encouraged Temple members to work his phones, spoke at the Temple and later wrote a letter to President Jimmy Carter defending Jones character.
Tillman called black disenfranchisement "the sole cause of our being here".
Using a glass wall for the entrance, similar in appearance to his Louvre pyramid, Pei coated the exterior of the main building in white metal, and placed a large cylinder on a narrow perch to serve as a performance space.
It is easy to overlook the mushrooms when they are situated amongst gilled mushrooms and boletes, because the cap and stipe are fairly nondescript and the mushrooms must be turned over to reveal their spines.
After being released from the ovary, the egg is swept into the fallopian tube by the fimbria, which is a fringe of tissue at the end of each fallopian tube.
On his departure from Nojpetén, Cortés left behind a cross and a lame horse that the Itza treated as a deity, attempting to feed it poultry, meat and flowers, but the animal soon died.
The report strongly opposed construction of the dam, saying in part, "Nowhere in the history of water development in North America have the fish and wildlife losses anticipated to result from a single project been so overwhelming."
Dale and Dr. Wells, the local coroner and an old friend of Fleming's, arrive for a visit.
House often clashes with his fellow physicians, including his own diagnostic team, because many of his hypotheses about patients' illnesses are based on subtle or controversial insights.
Birds of intermediate to red plumage have persisted for generations.
Soon thereafter, Ben begins having surrealistic dreams and visions, which set him on the trail of a man named Henry Scudder, a drifter who crossed paths with the carnival many years before, and who apparently possessed unusual abilities similar to Ben's own.
Threatened by Harold's fleet, Tostig moved north and raided in East Anglia and Lincolnshire, but he was driven back to his ships by the brothers Edwin, Earl of Mercia, and Morcar, Earl of Northumbria.
There he performed the role of Pantaloon opposite John Rich's Harlequin.
Nevertheless, support for the pro-war policy of the Whigs had, by this time, ebbed away.
For those who believe it to be writing, there is debate as to whether rongorongo is essentially logographic or syllabic, though it appears to be compatible with neither a pure logography nor a pure syllabary.
This figure is two and a half times higher than that of platinum, eight times more than mercury, and seventeen times more than gold.
No one claimed responsibility for the blast, but the police investigated suspicions that the IRA was behind it.
The long orbital period of Neptune means that the seasons last for forty Earth years.
The radio personality Robb Wilton acknowledged learning a lot from him, and although he felt that Robey "was not very funny", he could time a comic situation perfectly.
The decade 1996–2005 was the second most damaging among the past 11 decades, with only the decade 1926–1935 surpassing its costs.
Despite his jubilation, Leno was conscious of the few negative reviews he had received and rejected all later offers to tour the United States and Australia.
The Hawaiian government made the change from 12 cent pieces to dimes because it was negotiating a monetary convention with the United States and wanted its coins to conform to America's, though this convention never went into force.
The specific reasons for ANAK's transition to secrecy remain unclear.
Cleveland angered railroad investors by ordering an investigation of western lands they held by government grant.
Taxation was an important source of revenue for the Palmyrene government.
The low working temperature leads to rapid cooling of the cast products and fast production for assembly.
In his second inaugural address, Ross, a true Jeffersonian Democrat, maintained, "a plain, simple government, with severe limitations upon delegated powers, honestly and frugally administered, as the noblest and truest outgrowth of the wisdom taught by its founders."
The film's release prompted Wil Wheaton, who had portrayed Wesley Crusher in ', to change the name of his comic science fiction improvisational theatre company from "Mind Meld" to "EarnestBorg9".
Jeter batted .334, third-best in the AL, with a .406 OBP, an .871 OPS, 18 home runs, 66 RBIs, 30 stolen bases in 35 attempts, 107 runs scored, 72 walks, and 212 hits (second in MLB).
It is the shortest covered bridge in the county and as of 2015 is still in use, with average daily traffic of 50 vehicles in 2010.
As a result, the British troops in Kenya were reduced to four hours' standby later that evening.
Maurice was the oldest of eight children; he had three sisters: Georgette, Rollande and Marguerite; and four brothers: René, Jacques, Henri and Claude.
At the event on November 18, Punk won the match by pinning Cena following interference from the debuting faction called The Shield (Dean Ambrose, Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins), allowing him to retain the WWE Championship and hold the championship for a full year.
The Flag of Canada is represented as the Unicode emoji sequence , .
Among the non-flowering plants, ferns, lycophytes and allies count roughly 570 described species in Madagascar.
